Theomet Danlé: Senator, we're making our final approach into Coruscant.
Corde: Very good, Lieutenant.
Captain Gregar Typho: We made it.
Captain Gregar Typho: I guess I was wrong. There was no danger at all.
Padme Amidala: Cordé.
Corde: Milady, I'm so sorry. I've failed you, Senator.
Padme Amidala: No.
Captain Gregar Typho: Milady, you're still in danger here.
Padme Amidala: I shouldn't have come back.
Captain Gregar Typho: This vote is very important. You did your duty. Cordé did hers. Now, come. Senator Amidala, please.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: I don't know how much longer I can hold off the vote, my friends. More and more star systems are joining the separatists.
Mace Windu: If they do break away...
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: I will not let this Republic that has stood for a thousand years... be split in two. My negotiations will not fail.
Mace Windu: If they do, you must realize... there aren't enough Jedi to protect the Republic. We're keepers of the peace, not soldiers.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: Master Yoda... do you think it will really come to war?
Yoda: The dark side clouds everything. Impossible to see the future is.
Rodian Senator: The Loyalist Committee has arrived, Your Honor.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: Good. Send them in. We will discuss this matter later.
Yoda: Senator Amidala, your tragedy on the landing platform... terrible. Seeing you alive brings warm feelings to my heart.
Padme Amidala: Do you have any idea who was behind this attack?
Mace Windu: Our intelligence points to disgruntled spice miners on the moons of Naboo.
Padme Amidala: I think that Count Dooku was behind it.
Ki-Adi-Mundi: He is a political idealist, not a murderer.
Mace Windu: You know, milady, Count Dooku was once a Jedi. He couldn't assassinate anyone. It's not in his character.
Yoda: But for certain, Senator... in grave danger you are.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: Master Jedi, may I suggest...the senator be placed under the protection of your graces?
Bail Organa: Do you really think that's a wise decision under these stressful times?
Padme Amidala: Chancellor, if I may comment, I do not believe...
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: The situation is that serious? No, but I do, Senator. I realize all too well that additional security... might be disruptive for you... but perhaps someone you're familiar with. An old friend, like Master Kenobi.
Mace Windu: That's possible. He's just returned from a border dispute on Ansion.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: Do it for me, milady. Please? The thought of losing you... is unbearable.
Mace Windu: I will have Obi-Wan report to you immediately, milady.
Padme Amidala: Thank you, Master Windu.
Obi-Wan: You seem a little on edge.
Anakin Skywalker: Not at all.
Obi-Wan: I haven't felt you this tense since we fell into that nest of gundarks.
Anakin Skywalker: You fell into that nightmare, Master... and I rescued you, remember?
Obi-Wan: Oh... yes. You're sweating. Relax. Take a deep breath.
Anakin Skywalker: I haven't seen her in ten years, Master.
Jar-Jar: Obi? Obi! Mesa so smilen to seein yousa!
Obi-Wan: Good to see you again, Jar-Jar.
Jar-Jar: Senator Padme. Mesa Palos here! Lookie, lookie, Senator. Desa Jedi arriven.
Obi-Wan: It's a great pleasure to see you again, milady.
Padme Amidala: It has been far too long, Master Kenobi. Ani? My goodness, you've grown.
Anakin Skywalker: So have you. Grown more beautiful, I mean. Well, for a senator, I mean.
Padme Amidala: Ani, you'll always be that little boy I knew on Tatooine.
Obi-Wan: Our presence here will be invisible, milady, I can assure you.
Captain Gregar Typho: I'm Captain Typho of Her Majesty's security service. Queen Jamillia has been informed of your assignment. I am grateful you are here, Master Kenobi. The situation is more dangerous than the senator will admit.
Padme Amidala: I don't need more security. I need answers. I want to know who's trying to kill me.
Obi-Wan: We are here to protect you, Senator, not to start an investigation.
Anakin Skywalker: We will find out who's trying to kill you, Padme. I promise you.
Obi-Wan: We will not exceed our mandate, my young Padawan learner.
Anakin Skywalker: I meant that in the interest of protecting her, Master, of course.
Obi-Wan: We will not go through this exercise again, Anakin... and you will pay attention to my lead.
Anakin Skywalker: Why?
Obi-Wan: What?
Anakin Skywalker: Why else do you think we were assigned to her if not to find the killer? Protection is a job for local security, not Jedi. It's overkill, Master. Investigation is implied in our mandate.
Obi-Wan: We will do exactly as the council has instructed. And you will learn your place, young one.
Padme Amidala: Perhaps with merely your presence... the mystery surrounding this threat will be revealed. Now, if you'll excuse me... I will retire.
Captain Gregar Typho: I know I'll feel better having you here. I'll have an officer stationed on every floor... and I'll be in the control center downstairs.
Jar-Jar: Mesa busten wit happiness seein yousa again, Ani.
Anakin Skywalker: She hardly even recognized me, Jar-Jar. I've thought about her every day since we parted... and she's forgotten me completely.
Jar-Jar: Shesa happy. Happier den mesa seein her in a longo time.
Obi-Wan: You're focusing on the negative, Anakin. Be mindful of your thoughts. She was pleased to see us. Now, let's check the security.
Zam Wesell: I hit the ship, but they used a decoy.
Jango Fett: We'll have to try something more subtle this time, Zam. My client is getting impatient. Take these. Be careful. They're very poisonous. And, Zam, there can be no mistakes this time.
Obi-Wan: Captain Typho has more than enough men downstairs. No assassin would try that way. Any activity up here?
Anakin Skywalker: Quiet as a tomb. I don't like just waiting here for something to happen to her.
Obi-Wan: What's going on?
Anakin Skywalker: She covered the cameras. I don't think she liked me watching her.
Obi-Wan: What is she thinking?
Anakin Skywalker: She programmed R2 to warn us if there is an intruder.
Obi-Wan: There are many other ways to kill a senator.
Anakin Skywalker: I know, but we also want to catch this assassin, don't we, Master?
Obi-Wan: You're using her as bait.
Anakin Skywalker: It was her idea. Don't worry. No harm will come to her. I can sense everything going on in that room. Trust me.
Obi-Wan: It's too risky. Besides, your senses aren't that attuned, my young apprentice.
Anakin Skywalker: And yours are?
Obi-Wan: Possibly.
Obi-Wan: You look tired.
Anakin Skywalker: I don't sleep well anymore.
Obi-Wan: Because of your mother?
Anakin Skywalker: I don't know why I keep dreaming about her.
Obi-Wan: Dreams pass in time.
Anakin Skywalker: I'd much rather dream about Padme. Just being around her again is... intoxicating.
Obi-Wan: Be mindful of your thoughts, Anakin. They betray you. You've made a commitment to the Jedi order... a commitment not easily broken. And don't forget, she's a politician. They're not to be trusted.
Anakin Skywalker: She's not like the others in the senate, Master.
Obi-Wan: It is my experience that senators focus... only on pleasing those who fund their campaigns... and they're in no means scared of forgetting the niceties of democracy... in order to get those funds.
Anakin Skywalker: Not another lecture. At least not on the economics of politics. And besides, you're generalizing. The chancellor doesn't appear to be corrupt.
Obi-Wan: Palpatine is a politician. I have observed that he is very clever... in following the passions and the prejudices of the senators.
Anakin Skywalker: I think he's a good man...
Obi-Wan: I sense it too.
Anakin Skywalker: Stay here!
Dorme: Are you all right, milady?
Dug: What the... Jedi poo doo!
Obi-Wan: What took you so long?
Anakin Skywalker: Oh, you know, Master. I couldn't find a speeder I liked...
Obi-Wan: There he is.
Anakin Skywalker: With the open cockpit and the right speed capabilities.
Obi-Wan: If you spent as long practicing your saber techniques as you do your wit... you would rival Master Yoda as a swordsman.
Anakin Skywalker: I thought I already did.
Obi-Wan: Only in your mind, my very young apprentice.
Obi-Wan: Pull up, Anakin. Pull up! You know I don't like it when you do that.
Anakin Skywalker: Sorry, Master. I forgot you don't like flying.
Obi-Wan: I don't mind flying, but what you're doing is suicide!
Obi-Wan: Anakin! How many times have I told you... stay away from power couplings!
Obi-Wan: That was good!
Obi-Wan: Where are you going? He went that way.
Anakin Skywalker: Master, if we keep this chase going any longer... that creep is gonna end up deep-fried... and, personally, I'd like to find out who he is and who he's working for. This is a shortcut... I think.
Obi-Wan: Well, you've lost him.
Anakin Skywalker: I'm deeply sorry, Master.
Obi-Wan: That was some shortcut, Anakin. He went completely the other way. Once again you've proved...
Anakin Skywalker: If you'll excuse me.
Obi-Wan: I hate it when he does that.
Obi-Wan: Anakin!
Anakin Skywalker: She went into the club, Master.
Obi-Wan: Patience. Use the Force. Think.
Anakin Skywalker: Sorry, Master.
Obi-Wan: He went in there to hide, not to run.
Anakin Skywalker: Yes, Master.
Obi-Wan: Next time, try not to lose it.
Anakin Skywalker: Yes, Master.
Obi-Wan: This weapon is your life.
Anakin Skywalker: I try, Master.
Obi-Wan: Why do I get the feeling you're going to be the death of me?
Anakin Skywalker: Don't say that, Master. You're the closest thing I have to a father.
Obi-Wan: Then why don't you listen to me?
Anakin Skywalker: I am trying.
Obi-Wan: Can you see him?
Anakin Skywalker: I think he is a she... and I think she is a changeling.
Obi-Wan: In that case, be extra careful. Go and find her.
Anakin Skywalker: Where are you going, Master?
Obi-Wan: For a drink.
Obi-Wan: Thank you.
Elan Sel'Sabagno: You wanna buy some death sticks?
Obi-Wan: You don't want to sell me death sticks.
Elan Sel'Sabagno: I don't want to sell you death sticks.
Obi-Wan: You want to go home and rethink your life.
Elan Sel'Sabagno: I want to go home and rethink my life.
Anakin Skywalker: Easy. Jedi business. Go back to your drinks.
Obi-Wan: Do you know who it was you were trying to kill?
Zam Wesell: It was a senator from Naboo.
Obi-Wan: And who hired you?
Zam Wesell: It was just a job.
Anakin Skywalker: Who hired you? Tell us. Tell us now!
Zam Wesell: It was a bounty hunter called... Wee shahnit... sleemo.
Obi-Wan: Toxic dart.
Yoda: Track down this bounty hunter you must, Obi-Wan.
Mace Windu: Most importantly, find out who he's working for.
Obi-Wan: What about Senator Amidala? She will still need protecting.
Yoda: Handle that your Padawan will.
Mace Windu: Anakin, escort the senator back to her home planet of Naboo. She'll be safer there. And don't use registered transport. Travel as refugees.
Anakin Skywalker: As the leader of the opposition, it will be very difficult... to get Senator Amidala to leave the capital.
Yoda: Until caught this killer is... our judgment she must respect.
Mace Windu: Anakin, go to the senate... and ask Chancellor Palpatine to speak with her about this matter.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: I will talk with her. Senator Amidala will not refuse an executive order. I know her well enough to assure you of that.
Anakin Skywalker: Thank you, Your Excellency.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: And so, they've finally given you an assignment. Your patience has paid off.
Anakin Skywalker: Your guidance more than my patience.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: You don't need guidance, Anakin. In time, you will learn to trust your feelings. Then you will be invincible.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: I have said it many times: You are the most gifted Jedi I have ever met.
Anakin Skywalker: Thank you, Your Excellency.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: I see you becoming the greatest of all the Jedi, Anakin... even more powerful than Master Yoda.
Obi-Wan: I am concerned for my Padawan. He is not ready to be given this assignment on his own yet.
Yoda: The council is confident in its decision, Obi-Wan.
Mace Windu: The boy has exceptional skills.
Obi-Wan: But he still has much to learn, Master. His abilities have made him, well, arrogant.
Yoda: Yes. A flaw more and more common among Jedi. Too sure of themselves they are. Even the older, more experienced ones.
Mace Windu: Remember, Obi-Wan, if the prophecy is true... your apprentice is the only one who can bring the Force back into balance.
Padme Amidala: I'm taking an extended leave of absence. It will be your responsibility to take my place in the senate. Representative Binks, I know I can count on you.
Jar-Jar: Mesa honored to be taking on dissa heavy burden. Mesa accept this with muy, muy humility and...
Padme Amidala: Jar-Jar, I don't wish to hold you up. I'm sure you have a great deal to do.
Jar-Jar: Of course. Milady.
Padme Amidala: I do not like this idea of hiding.
Anakin Skywalker: Don't worry.
Anakin Skywalker: Now that the council has ordered an investigation... it won't take Master Obi-Wan long to find this bounty hunter.
Padme Amidala: I haven't worked for a year to defeat the Military Creation Act... to not be here when its fate is decided.
Anakin Skywalker: Sometimes we must let go of our pride... and do what is requested of us.
Padme Amidala: Anakin, you've grown up.
Anakin Skywalker: Master Obi-Wan manages not to see it. Don't get me wrong. Obi-Wan is a great mentor. As wise as Master Yoda and... as powerful as Master Windu.
Anakin Skywalker: I am truly thankful to be his apprentice. In some ways... a lot of ways... I'm really ahead of him. I'm ready for the trials... but he feels that I'm too unpredictable. He won't let me move on.
Padme Amidala: That must be frustrating.
Anakin Skywalker: It's worse. He's overly critical. He never listens. He doesn't understand. It's not fair!
Padme Amidala: All mentors have a way of seeing more of our faults than we would like. It's the only way we grow.
Anakin Skywalker: I know.
Padme Amidala: Anakin... don't try to grow up too fast.
Anakin Skywalker: But I am grown up. You said it yourself.
Padme Amidala: Please don't look at me like that.
Anakin Skywalker: Why not?
Padme Amidala: It makes me feel uncomfortable.
Anakin Skywalker: Sorry, milady.
Captain Gregar Typho: Be safe, milady.
Padme Amidala: Thank you, Captain. Take good care of Dormé. The threat's on you two now.
Dorme: He'll be safe with me.
Padme Amidala: You'll be fine.
Dorme: It's not me, milady. I worry about you. What if they realize you've left the capital?
Padme Amidala: Well, then my Jedi protector will have to prove how good he is.
Obi-Wan: Anakin... don't do anything without first consulting either myself or the council.
Anakin Skywalker: Yes, Master.
Obi-Wan: I'll get to the bottom of this plot quickly, milady. You'll be back here in no time.
Padme Amidala: I'll be most grateful for your speed, Master Jedi.
Anakin Skywalker: It's time to go.
Padme Amidala: I know.
Obi-Wan: Anakin, may the Force be with you.
Anakin Skywalker: May the Force be with you, Master.
Padme Amidala: Suddenly I'm afraid.
Anakin Skywalker: This is my first assignment on my own. I am too. Don't worry. We have R2 with us.
Obi-Wan: I do hope he doesn't try anything foolish.
Padme Amidala: I'd be more concerned about her doing something than him.
FLO: Someone to see ya, honey! Jedi, by the looks of him.
Dex: Obi-Wan!
Obi-Wan: Hello, Dex.
Dex: Take a seat. I'll be right with ya.
FLO: You wanna cup o' jawa juice?
Obi-Wan: Oh, yes. Thank you.
Dex: Old buddy! So, my friend, what can I do for ya?
Obi-Wan: You can tell me what this is.
Dex: Well, whattaya know! I ain't seen one of these since I was prospectin'... on Subterrel, beyond the outer rim.
Obi-Wan: Can you tell me where it came from?
Dex: This baby belongs to them cloners. What you got here is a Kamino saberdart.
Obi-Wan: I wonder why it didn't show up in the analysis archives.
Dex: It's these funny little cuts on the side that give it away. Those analysis droids only focus on symbols.
Dex: I should think that you Jedi would have more respect... for the difference between knowledge and... wisdom.
Obi-Wan: Well, if droids could think... there'd be none of us here, would there?
Obi-Wan: Kamino. I'm not familiar with it. Is it in the Republic?
Dex: No, no. It's beyond the outer rim. I'd say about 12 parsecs outside the Rishi Maze. Should be easy to find, even for those droids in your archives.
Dex: These Kaminoans keep to themselves. They're cloners. Damn good ones too.
Obi-Wan: Cloners. Are they friendly?
Dex: Depends.
Obi-Wan: Depends on what, Dex?
Dex: On how good your manners are... and how big your... pocketbook is.
Jocasta Nu: Did you call for assistance?
Obi-Wan: Yes, I did.
Jocasta Nu: Are you having a problem, Master Kenobi?
Obi-Wan: Yes, I'm looking for a planetary system called Kamino. It doesn't show up on the archive charts.
Jocasta Nu: Kamino. It's not a system I'm familiar with. Are you sure you have the right coordinates?
Obi-Wan: According to my information, it should appear in this quadrant here... just south of the Rishi Maze.
Jocasta Nu: I hate to say it, but it looks like the system you're searching for... doesn't exist.
Obi-Wan: Impossible. Perhaps the archives are incomplete.
Jocasta Nu: If an item does not appear in our records... it does not exist.
Server Droid: Hey, you! No droids! Get outta here!
Padme Amidala: Thank you, R2.
Padme Amidala: Must be difficult, having sworn your life to the Jedi... not being able to visit the places you like or do the things you like.
Anakin Skywalker: Or be with the people that I love.
Padme Amidala: Are you allowed to love? I thought that was forbidden for a Jedi.
Anakin Skywalker: Attachment is forbidden. Possession is forbidden. Compassion, which I would define as unconditional love... is central to a Jedi's life. So you might say that we are encouraged to love.
Padme Amidala: You've changed so much.
Anakin Skywalker: You haven't changed a bit. You're exactly the way I remember you in my dreams.
Yoda: Reach out. Sense the Force around you. Use your feelings you must.
Yoda: Younglings. Younglings! A visitor we have.
Younglings: Hello, Master Obi-Wan.
Obi-Wan: Hello. I'm sorry to disturb you, Master.
Yoda: What help can I be, Obi-Wan?
Obi-Wan: I'm looking for a planet described to me by an old friend. I trust him, but the systems don't show on the archive maps.
Yoda: Lost a planet Master Obi-Wan has. How embarrassing. How embarrassing!
Yoda: Liam, the shades.
Yoda: Gather round the map reader. Clear your minds... and find Obi-Wan's wayward planet we will.
Obi-Wan: It ought to be here... but it isn't. Gravity is pulling all the stars in the area towards this spot.
Yoda: Gravity's silhouette remains... but the star and all the planets... disappeared they have. How can this be? A thought? Anyone.
J. K. Burtola: Master? Because someone erased it from the archive memory.
Yoda: Truly wonderful the mind of a child is. The Padawan is right. Go to the center of gravity's pull... and find your planet you will.
Yoda: The data must have been erased.
Obi-Wan: But who could empty information from the archives? Isn't that impossible?
Yoda: Dangerous and disturbing this puzzle is. Only a Jedi could have erased those files. But who and why, harder to answer. Meditate on this I will.
Padme Amidala: I wasn't the youngest queen ever elected... but now that I think back on it, I'm not sure I was old enough. I'm not sure I was ready.
Anakin Skywalker: The people you served thought you did a good job. I heard they even tried to amend the constitution... so you could stay in office.
Padme Amidala: I was relieved when my two terms were up. But when the queen asked me to serve as senator... I couldn't refuse her.
Anakin Skywalker: I agree with her. I think the Republic needs you. I'm glad that you chose to serve.
Padme Amidala: If the senate votes to create an army, it's sure to push us into a civil war.
Sio Bibble: It's unthinkable! There hasn't been a full-scale war since the formation of the Republic.
Queen Jamillia: Do you see any way through negotiations... to bring the separatists back into the Republic?
Padme Amidala: Not if they feel threatened. They'll turn to the Trade Federations or the Commerce Guilds for help.
Sio Bibble: It's outrageous... but after four trials in the Supreme Court... Nute Gunray is still the viceroy of the Trade Federation. I fear the senate is powerless to resolve this crisis.
Queen Jamillia: We must keep our faith in the Republic. The day we stop believing democracy can work is the day we lose it.
Padme Amidala: Let's pray that day never comes.
Queen Jamillia: In the meantime, we must consider your own safety.
Sio Bibble: What is your suggestion, Master Jedi?
Padme Amidala: Anakin's not a Jedi yet. He's still a Padawan learner. But I was thinking...
Anakin Skywalker: Hold on a minute.
Padme Amidala: Excuse me. I was thinking I would stay in the lake country. There are some places up there that are very isolated.
Anakin Skywalker: Excuse me. I'm in charge of security here, milady.
Padme Amidala: And this is my home. I know it very well. That is why we're here.
Padme Amidala: I think it would be wise... if you took advantage of my knowledge in this instance.
Anakin Skywalker: Sorry, milady.
Queen Jamillia: Perfect. It's settled, then.
Obi-Wan: There it is, R4, right where it should be. Our missing planet Kamino.
Master Jedi.
Taun We: The prime minister is expecting you.
Obi-Wan: I'm expected?
Taun We: Of course. He is anxious to meet you. After all these years... we were beginning to think you weren't coming. Now, please, this way.
Taun We: May I present Lama Su... prime minister of Kamino. And this is Master Jedi...
Obi-Wan: Obi-Wan Kenobi.
Lama Su: I trust you're going to enjoy your stay. Please.
Lama Su: And now to business. You will be delighted to hear that we are on schedule.
Lama Su: 200,000 units are ready... with a million more well on the way.
Obi-Wan: That's good news.
Lama Su: Please tell your Master Sifo-Dyas... that his order will be met on time.
Obi-Wan: I'm sorry. Master...
Lama Su: Jedi Master Sifo-Dyas is still... a leading member of the Jedi Council, is he not?
Obi-Wan: Master Sifo-Dyas was killed almost ten years ago.
Lama Su: I'm so sorry to hear that. But I'm sure he would have been proud of the army we've built for him.
Obi-Wan: The army?
Lama Su: Yes, a clone army, and I must say... one of the finest we've ever created.
Obi-Wan: Tell me, Prime Minister... when my master first contacted you about the army... did he say who it was for?
Lama Su: Of course he did. This army is for the Republic. But you must be anxious to inspect the units for yourself.
Obi-Wan: That's why I'm here.
Padme Amidala: We used to come here for school retreat. We would swim to that island every day. I love the water.
Padme Amidala: We used to lie out on the sand and let the sun dry us... and try to guess the names of the birds singing.
Anakin Skywalker: I don't like sand. It's coarse and rough and irritating... and it gets everywhere. Not like here. Here, everything is soft... and smooth.
Padme Amidala: No. I shouldn't have done that.
Anakin Skywalker: I'm sorry.
Obi-Wan: Very impressive.
Lama Su: I'd hoped you would be pleased. Clones can think creatively. You will find that they are immensely superior to droids.
Lama Su: We take great pride in our combat education and training programs. This group was created about five years ago.
Obi-Wan: You mentioned growth acceleration.
Lama Su: Oh, yes, it's essential. Otherwise, a mature clone would take a lifetime to grow. Now we can do it in half the time.
Obi-Wan: I see.
Lama Su: They are totally obedient... taking any order without question.
Lama Su: We modified their genetic structure... to make them less independent than the original host.
Obi-Wan: And who was the original host?
Lama Su: A bounty hunter called Jango Fett.
Obi-Wan: And where is this bounty hunter now?
Lama Su: Oh, we keep him here. Apart from his pay, which is considerable...Fett demanded only one thing: an unaltered clone for himself. Curious, isn't it?
Obi-Wan: "Unaltered"?
Lama Su: Pure genetic replication. No tampering with the structure to make it more docile... and no growth acceleration.
Obi-Wan: I should very much like to meet this Jango Fett.
Taun We: I would be very happy to arrange it for you.
Lama Su: Magnificent, aren't they?
Padme Amidala: I don't know.
Anakin Skywalker: Sure you do. You just don't want to tell me.
Padme Amidala: You gonna use one of your Jedi mind tricks on me?
Anakin Skywalker: They only work on the weak-minded.
Padme Amidala: All right. I was 12. His name was Palo. We were both in the Legislative Youth Program. He was a few years older than I. Very cute. Dark, curly hair. Dreamy eyes.
Anakin Skywalker: All right, I get the picture. Whatever happened to him?
Padme Amidala: I went into public service. He went on to become an artist.
Anakin Skywalker: Maybe he was the smart one.
Padme Amidala: You really don't like politicians, do you?
Anakin Skywalker: I like two or three... but I'm not really sure about one of them.
Anakin Skywalker: I don't think the system works.
Padme Amidala: How would you have it work?
Anakin Skywalker: We need a system where the politicians sit down and discuss the problem... agree what's in the best interest of all the people... and then do it.
Padme Amidala: That's exactly what we do. The trouble is that people don't always agree.
Anakin Skywalker: Well, then they should be made to.
Padme Amidala: By whom? Who's gonna make them?
Anakin Skywalker: I don't know. Someone.
Padme Amidala: You?
Anakin Skywalker: Of course not me. But someone. Someone wise.
Padme Amidala: Sounds an awful lot like a dictatorship to me.
Anakin Skywalker: Well, if it works.
Padme Amidala: You're making fun of me.
Anakin Skywalker: No. I'd be much too frightened to tease a senator.
Padme Amidala: Ani, are you all right?
Taun We: Boba, is your father here?
Boba Fett: Yep.
Taun We: May we see him?
Boba Fett: Sure. Dad, Taun We's here.
Taun We: Jango, welcome back. Was your trip productive?
Jango Fett: Fairly.
Taun We: This is Jedi Master Obi-Wan Kenobi. He's come to check on our progress.
Obi-Wan: Your clones are very impressive. You must be very proud.
Jango Fett: I'm just a simple man trying to make my way in the universe.
Obi-Wan: Ever made your way as far into the interior as Coruscant?
Jango Fett: Once or twice.
Obi-Wan: Recently?
Jango Fett: Possibly.
Obi-Wan: Then you must know Master Sifo-Dyas.
Jango Fett: Boba, rood eht so-heeck.
Jango Fett: Master who?
Obi-Wan: Sifo-Dyas. Is he not the Jedi who hired you for this job?
Jango Fett: Never heard of him.
Obi-Wan: Really?
Jango Fett: I was recruited by a man called Tyranus on one of the moons of Bogden.
Obi-Wan: Curious.
Jango Fett: Do you like your army?
Obi-Wan: I look forward to seeing them in action.
Jango Fett: They'll do their job well. I'll guarantee that.
Obi-Wan: Thank you for your time, Jango.
Jango Fett: Always a pleasure to meet a Jedi.
Boba Fett: What is it, Dad?
Jango Fett: Pack your things. We're leaving.
Anakin Skywalker: And when I got to them, we went into aggressive negotiations.
Padme Amidala: "Aggressive negotiations"? What's that?
Anakin Skywalker: Well, negotiations with a lightsaber.
Anakin Skywalker: If Master Obi-Wan caught me doing this, he'd be very grumpy.
Anakin Skywalker: From the moment I met you... all those years ago... not a day has gone by when I haven't thought of you.
Anakin Skywalker: And now that I'm with you again... I'm in agony. The closer I get to you, the worse it gets. The thought of not being with you... I can't breathe.
Anakin Skywalker: I'm haunted by the kiss... that you should never have given me. My heart is beating... hoping that that kiss will not become a scar.
Anakin Skywalker: You are in my very soul... tormenting me.
Anakin Skywalker: What can I do? I will do anything that you ask. If you are suffering as much as I am, please, tell me.
Padme Amidala: I can't. We can't. It's... just not possible.
Anakin Skywalker: Anything is possible, Padme. Listen to me.
Padme Amidala: No, you listen. We live in a real world. Come back to it.
Padme Amidala: You're studying to become a Jedi. I'm a senator. If you follow your thoughts through to conclusion... it'll take us to a place we cannot go... regardless of the way we feel about each other.
Anakin Skywalker: Then you do feel something.
Padme Amidala: I will not let you give up your future for me.
Anakin Skywalker: You are asking me to be rational. That is something I know I cannot do.
Anakin Skywalker: Believe me, I wish that I could just wish away my feelings... but I can't.
Padme Amidala: I will not give in to this.
Anakin Skywalker: Well, you know... it wouldn't have to be that way. We could keep it a secret.
Padme Amidala: We'd be living a lie... one we couldn't keep even if we wanted to. I couldn't do that. Could you, Anakin? Could you live like that?
Anakin Skywalker: No. You're right. It would destroy us.
Taun We: Tell your council that the first battalions are ready. And remind them, if they need more troops... it will take more time to grow them.
Obi-Wan: I won't forget, and thank you.
Taun We: Thank you.
Obi-Wan: R4! Scramble code five to Coruscant, care of the old folks' home!
Obi-Wan: I have successfully made contact with the prime minister of Kamino. They are using a bounty hunter named Jango Fett to create a clone army.
Obi-Wan: I have a strong feeling that this bounty hunter... is the assassin we are looking for.
Mace Windu: Do you think these cloners are involved... in the plot to assassinate Senator Amidala?
Obi-Wan: No, Master. There appears to be no motive.
Yoda: Do not assume anything, Obi-Wan. Clear your mind must be... if you are to discover the real villains behind this plot.
Obi-Wan: Yes, Master. They say Master Sifo-Dyas placed an order for a clone army. at the request of the senate almost ten years ago. I was under the impression he was killed before that. Did the council ever authorize the creation of a clone army?
Mace Windu: No. Whoever placed that order... did not have the authorization of the Jedi Council.
Yoda: Bring him here. Question him we will.
Obi-Wan: Yes, Master. I will report back when I have him.
Yoda: Blind we are if creation of this clone army we could not see.
Mace Windu: I think it is time we informed the senate... that our ability to use the Force has diminished.
Yoda: Only the dark lord of the Sith knows of our weakness. If informed the senate is... multiply our adversaries will.
Anakin Skywalker: No. Mom, no. - Anakin! Don't go.
Shmi Skywalker: Anakin! Help me!
Padme Amidala: I don't want to disturb you.
Anakin Skywalker: Your presence is soothing.
Padme Amidala: You had another nightmare last night.
Anakin Skywalker: Jedi don't have nightmares.
Padme Amidala: I heard you.
Anakin Skywalker: I saw my mother. She is suffering, Padme. I saw her as clearly as I see you now. She is in pain.
Anakin Skywalker: I know I'm disobeying my mandate to protect you, Senator... but I have to go. I have to help her.
Padme Amidala: I'll go with you.
Anakin Skywalker: I'm sorry. I don't have a choice.
Boba Fett: Dad, look!
Jango Fett: Boba, get on board!
Obi-Wan: Oh, not good.
Anakin Skywalker: Wait right there.
Rickshaw Droid: Okey-okey.
Anakin Skywalker: Chut-chut, Watto. Let me help you with that.
Watto: What? What do you want? Wait! You're a Jedi! Whatever it is... I didn't do it.
Anakin Skywalker: I'm looking for Shmi Skywalker.
Watto: Ani? Little Ani? Nahhh. You are Ani! It is you!
Watto: You sure sprouted, huh? A Jedi! Whattaya know! Maybe you could help with some deadbeats who owe me a lot of money.
Anakin Skywalker: My mother.
Watto: Oh, yeah. Shmi. She's not mine-a no more-a. I sold her.
Anakin Skywalker: You sold her?
Watto: Years ago. Sorry, Ani, but you know, business is business.
Watto: I sold her to a moisture farmer named Lars. At least I think it was Lars. Believe it or not, I heard he freed her and married her! Can ya beat that, eh?
Anakin Skywalker: Do you know where they are now?
Watto: Long way from here. Someplace over on the other side of Mos Eisley, I think.
Anakin Skywalker: I'd like to know.
Watto: Sure. Absolutely! Let's go look at my records, huh?
Boba Fett: Dad! I think we're being tracked!
Jango Fett: He must have put a homing device on our hull. Hang on, son. We'll move into the asteroid field... and we'll have a couple of surprises for him.
Obi-Wan: Seismic charges! Stand by.
Jango Fett: He doesn't seem to take a hint, this guy.
Boba Fett: Watch out! Get him, Dad! Fire!
Obi-Wan: Blast! This is why I hate flying!
Boba Fett: We got him!
Jango Fett: We'll just have to finish him.
Obi-Wan: R4, prepare to jettison the spare part canisters. Fire them now!
Jango Fett: We won't be seeing him again.
Obi-Wan: Well, R4, I think we've waited long enough.
Obi-Wan: There's an unusual concentration of Federation ships over there, R4.
Anakin Skywalker: Stay with the ship, R2.
C-3PO: Hello. How might I be of service? I am C...
Anakin Skywalker: 3PO?
Anakin Skywalker: The maker! Master Ani! I knew you would return. I knew it! And Miss Padme. Oh, my.
Padme Amidala: Hello, 3PO.
C-3PO: Bless my circuits! I'm so pleased to see you both.
Anakin Skywalker: I've come to see my mother.
C-3PO: I think perhaps we'd better go indoors.
C-3PO: Master Owen, might I present two most important visitors.
Anakin Skywalker: I'm Anakin Skywalker.
Owen Lars: Owen Lars. This is my girlfriend, Beru.
Beru Whitesun: Hello.
Padme Amidala: I'm Padme.
Owen Lars: I guess I'm your stepbrother. I had a feeling you might show up someday.
Anakin Skywalker: Is my mother here?
Cliegg Lars: No, she's not. Cliegg Lars. Shmi is my wife. We should go inside. We have a lot to talk about.
Cliegg Lars: It was just before dawn. They came out of nowhere. A hunting party of Tusken Raiders.
Cliegg Lars: Your mother had gone out early, like she always did... to pick mushrooms that grow on the vaporators. From the tracks, she was about halfway home... when they took her.
Cliegg Lars: Those Tuskens walk like men... but they're vicious, mindless monsters. Thirty of us went out after her. Four of us came back. I'd be out there with them, but after I lost my leg...
Cliegg Lars: I just couldn't ride anymore until I heal. I don't want to give up on her... but she's been gone a month. There's little hope she's lasted this long.
Owen Lars: Where are you going?
Anakin Skywalker: To find my mother.
Cliegg Lars: Your mother's dead, son. Accept it.
Anakin Skywalker: You're gonna have to stay here. These are good people, Padme. You'll be safe. I won't be long.
Padme Amidala: Anakin.
Count Dooku: We must persuade the Commerce Guild... and the Corporate Alliance to sign the treaty.
Nute Gunray: What about the senator from Naboo? Is she dead yet? I am not signing your treaty until I have her head on my desk.
Count Dooku: I am a man of my word, Viceroy.
Wat Tambor: With these new battle droids we've built for you... you'll have the finest army in the galaxy.
Count Dooku: As I explained to you earlier... I am quite convinced that 10,000 more systems... will rally to our cause with your support, gentlemen.
Shu Mai: What you are proposing could be construed as treason.
Wat Tambor: The Techno Union army... is at your disposal, Count.
San Hill: The Banking Clan will sign your treaty.
Count Dooku: Good. Very good. Our friends from the Trade Federation have pledged their support... and when their battle droids are combined with yours... we shall have an army greater than any in the galaxy.
Count Dooku: The Jedi will be overwhelmed. The Republic will agree to any demands we make.
Anakin Skywalker: Mom?
Shmi Skywalker: Ani? Is it you?
Anakin Skywalker: I'm here, Mom. You're safe.
Shmi Skywalker: You look so handsome. My son. My grown-up son. I'm so proud of you, Ani.
Anakin Skywalker: I missed you.
Shmi Skywalker: Now I am complete. I love y...
Anakin Skywalker: Stay with me, Mom. Everything...
Shmi Skywalker: I love...
Qui-Gon Jinn: Anakin! No!
Mace Windu: What is it?
Yoda: Pain, suffering... death I feel. Something terrible has happened. Young Skywalker is in pain... terrible pain.
Obi-Wan: The transmitter is working, but we're not receiving a return signal. Coruscant's too far. R4, can you boost the power? We'll have to try something else.
Obi-Wan: Maybe we can contact Anakin on Naboo. It's much closer.
Obi-Wan: Anakin, do you copy? This is Obi-Wan Kenobi. Anakin?
Obi-Wan: He's not on Naboo, R4. I'm going to try and widen the range. I do hope nothing's happened to him.
Obi-Wan: That's Anakin's tracking signal, all right... but it's coming from Tatooine. What in the blazes is he doing there? I told him to stay on Naboo.
Obi-Wan: We haven't got much time. Anakin, do you copy? This is Obi-Wan Kenobi. Retransmit this message...
Obi-Wan: Anakin, do you copy? My long-range transmitter has been knocked out. Retransmit this message to Coruscant.
Padme Amidala: I brought you something. Are you hungry?
Anakin Skywalker: The shifter broke. Life seems so much simpler when you're fixing things. I'm good at fixing things. Always was. But I couldn't...
Anakin Skywalker: Why'd she have to die? Why couldn't I save her? I know I could have!
Padme Amidala: Sometimes there are things no one can fix. You're not all-powerful, Ani.
Anakin Skywalker: Well, I should be! Someday I will be. I will be the most powerful Jedi ever. I promise you. I will even learn to stop people from dying.
Anakin Skywalker: It's all Obi-Wan's fault! He's jealous! He's holding me back!
Padme Amidala: What's wrong, Ani?
Anakin Skywalker: I killed them. I killed them all. They're dead. Every single one of them. And not just the men... but the women... and the children too. They're like animals... and I slaughtered them like animals! I hate them!
Padme Amidala: To be angry is to be human.
Anakin Skywalker: I'm a Jedi. I know I'm better than this.
Cliegg Lars: I know wherever you are it's become a better place. You were the most loving partner a man could ever have. Good-bye, my darling wife. And thank you.
Anakin Skywalker: I wasn't strong enough to save you, Mom. I wasn't strong enough. But I promise I won't fail again.
Anakin Skywalker: I miss you... so much.
Padme Amidala: R2? What are you doing here?
C-3PO: It seems that he is carrying a message from an Obi-Wan Kenobi. Master Ani, does that name mean anything to you?
Obi-Wan: Anakin, my long-range transmitter has been knocked out. Retransmit this message to Coruscant.
Obi-Wan: I have tracked the bounty hunter, Jango Fett... to the droid foundries on Geonosis. The Trade Federation is to take delivery of a droid army here... and it is clear that Viceroy Gunray... is behind the assassination attempts on Senator Amidala.
Obi-Wan: The Commerce Guilds and the Corporate Alliance... have both pledged their armies to Count Dooku and are forming... Wait.
Yoda: More happening on Geonosis, I feel, than has been revealed.
Mace Windu: I agree. Anakin, We will deal with Count Dooku. The most important thing for you is to stay where you are. Protect the senator at all costs. That is your first priority.
Anakin Skywalker: Understood, Master.
Padme Amidala: They'll never get there in time to save him. They have to come halfway across the galaxy. Look.
Padme Amidala: Geonosis is less than a parsec away.
Anakin Skywalker: If he's still alive.
Padme Amidala: Are you just gonna sit here and let him die? He's your friend, your mentor.
Anakin Skywalker: He's like my father! But you heard Master Windu. He gave me strict orders to stay here.
Padme Amidala: He gave you strict orders to protect me... and I'm going to help Obi-Wan. If you plan to protect me, you'll just have to come along.
C-3PO: I'm not worried, R2. It's just I've never flown before.
Bail Organa: The Commerce Guilds are preparing for war. There can be no doubt of that.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: Count Dooku must have made a treaty with them.
Ask Aak: The debate is over! Now we need that clone army.
Bail Organa: Unfortunately, the debate is not over. The senate will never approve the use of clones... before the separatists attack.
Mass Ameda: This is a crisis. The senate must vote the chancellor emergency powers. He can then approve the creation of an army.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: But what senator would have the courage... to propose such a radical amendment?
Mass Ameda: If only Senator Amidala were here.
Obi-Wan: Traitor.
Count Dooku: Oh, no, my friend. This is a mistake, a terrible mistake. They have gone too far. This is madness.
Obi-Wan: I thought you were the leader here, Dooku.
Count Dooku: This had nothing to do with me, I assure you. I will petition immediately to have you set free.
Obi-Wan: Well, I hope it doesn't take too long. I have work to do.
Count Dooku: May I ask why a Jedi knight... is all the way out here on Geonosis?
Obi-Wan: I've been tracking a bounty hunter named Jango Fett. Do you know him?
Count Dooku: There are no bounty hunters here that I am aware of. The Geonosians don't trust them.
Obi-Wan: Who can blame them? But he is here, I can assure you.
Count Dooku: It's a great pity our paths have never crossed before, Obi-Wan. Qui-Gon always spoke very highly of you. I wish he were still alive. I could use his help right now.
Obi-Wan: Qui-Gon Jinn would never join you.
Count Dooku: Don't be so sure, my young Jedi. You forget that he was once my apprentice... just as you were once his.
Count Dooku: He knew all about the corruption in the senate... but he wouldn't have gone along with it if he had learned the truth as I have.
Obi-Wan: The truth?
Count Dooku: The truth.
Count Dooku: What if I told you that the Republic was now under the control... of the dark lord of the Sith?
Obi-Wan: No, that's not possible. The Jedi would be aware of it.
Count Dooku: The dark side of the Force has clouded their vision, my friend. Hundreds of senators are now under the influence... of a Sith lord called Darth Sidious.
Obi-Wan: I don't believe you.
Count Dooku: The viceroy of the Trade Federation... was once in league with this Darth Sidious... but he was betrayed ten years ago by the dark lord.
Count Dooku: He came to me for help. He told me everything. You must join me, Obi-Wan... and together we will destroy the Sith!
Obi-Wan: I will never join you, Dooku.
Count Dooku: It may be difficult to secure your release.
Jar-Jar: It's-a clear desa separatists made a pact wesa desa Federation Du Trade.
Jar-Jar: Senators, "dellow felagates":
Jar-Jar: In response to this direct threat to the Republic... mesa propose that the senate... give immediately emergency powers... to the supreme chancellor.
Senators: Palpatine! Palpatine!
Mass Ameda: Order! We shall have order!
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: It is with great reluctance... that I have agreed to this calling.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: I love democracy. I love the Republic.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: The power you give me... I will lay down when this crisis has abated.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: And as my first act with this new authority... I will create a grand army of the Republic... to counter the increasing threats of the separatists.
Mace Windu: It is done, then. I will take what Jedi we have left and go to Geonosis and help Obi-Wan.
Yoda: Visit I will the cloners on Kamino... and see this army they have created for the Republic.
Padme Amidala: See those columns of steam straight ahead? They're exhaust vents of some type.
Anakin Skywalker: That'll do.
Padme Amidala: Look, whatever happens out there, follow my lead. I'm not interested in getting into a war here. As a member of the senate... maybe I can find a diplomatic solution to this mess.
Anakin Skywalker: Don't worry. I've given up trying to argue with you.
C-3PO: My obtuse little friend, if they had needed our help... they would have asked for it. You obviously have a great deal to learn about human behavior.
C-3PO: For a mechanic, you seem to do an excessive amount of thinking.
C-3PO: I am programmed to understand humans! "What does that mean?" That means I am in charge here!
C-3PO: Where are you going now? You don't know what's out there. Have you no sense at all? Idiot! Please wait. Do you know where you're going?
Anakin Skywalker: Wait.
C-3PO: Oh, my goodness! Shut me down! Machines making machines. How perverse!
C-3PO: Calm down, R2! I almost fell. You'll get your chance...
C-3PO: I'm scrap.
C-3PO: It's a nightmare!
C-3PO: I want to go home!
C-3PO: What did I do to deserve this?
C-3PO: I wonder what happened to poor little R2. He's always getting himself into trouble.
C-3PO: Oh, no! Uh-oh. I'm so confused.
Anakin Skywalker: Not again! Obi-Wan's gonna kill me.
Jango Fett: Don't move, Jedi! Take him away.
Anakin Skywalker: Don't be afraid.
Padme Amidala: I'm not afraid to die. I've been dying a little bit each day since you came back into my life.
Anakin Skywalker: What are you talking about?
Padme Amidala: I love you.
Anakin Skywalker: You love me? I thought we had decided not to fall in love... that we would be forced to live a lie... and that it would destroy our lives.
Padme Amidala: I think our lives are about to be destroyed anyway.
Padme Amidala: I truly... deeply love you... and before we die, I want you to know.
Obi-Wan: I was beginning to wonder if you'd got my message.
Anakin Skywalker: I retransmitted it just as you had requested, Master. Then we decided to come and rescue you.
Obi-Wan: Good job.
Poggle The Lesser: Settle down. Settle down. Let the executions begin.
Anakin Skywalker: I've got a bad feeling about this.
Obi-Wan: Just relax. Concentrate.
Anakin Skywalker: What about Padme?
Obi-Wan: She seems to be on top of things.
Nute Gunray: She can't do that! Shoot her... or something!
Anakin Skywalker: Jump!
Nute Gunray: This isn't how it's supposed to be! Jango! Finish her off!
Count Dooku: Patience, Viceroy, patience. She will die.
Count Dooku: Master Windu. How pleasant of you to join us.
Mace Windu: This party's over.
Count Dooku: Brave... but foolish, my old Jedi friend. You're impossibly outnumbered.
Mace Windu: I don't think so.
Count Dooku: We'll see.
C-3PO: My legs aren't moving. I must need maintenance.
C-3PO: What's all this noise? A battle! There's been some terrible mistake! I'm programmed for etiquette, not destruction!
C-3PO: Die, Jedi dogs! Oh! What did I say?
C-3PO: Oh, dear. I'm terribly sorry about all this.
C-3PO: Excuse me. I'm trapped. I can't get up.
Anakin Skywalker: You call this a diplomatic solution?
Padme Amidala: No, I call it aggressive negotiations.
B1 Battle Droid: Uh-oh.
B1 Battle Droid: Roger, roger.
C-3PO: R2, what are you doing here? What are you doing? Stop that! You're going to strain something. My neck!
C-3PO: Now where are you taking me? This is such a drag!
C-3PO: I'm quite beside myself. R2, please be careful! You're singeing my circuits! Yes, but is my head on straight?
Count Dooku: Master Windu... you have fought gallantly... worthy of recognition in the archives of the Jedi order.
Count Dooku: Now... it is finished. Surrender... and your lives will be spared.
Mace Windu: We will not be hostages to be bartered, Dooku!
Count Dooku: Then... I'm sorry, old friend.
Padme Amidala: Look!
Yoda: Around the survivors a perimeter create.
C-3PO: I've had the most peculiar dream!
Yoda: If Dooku escapes... rally more systems to his cause he will.
Obi-Wan: Hold on!
Anakin Skywalker: Aim right above the fuel cells!
Obi-Wan: Good call, my young Padawan.
Nute Gunray: The Jedi have amassed a huge army.
Count Dooku: That doesn't seem possible. How could the Jedi come up with an army so quickly?
Nute Gunray: We must send all available droids into battle.
Count Dooku: There are too many.
Poggle The Lesser: Our communications have been jammed.
Mace Windu: Pilot, land in that assembly area!
Clone Pilot: Yes, sir.
Clone Commander: Sir. I have five special commando units awaiting your orders, sir.
Yoda: To the forward command center take me.
Obi-Wan: Attack those Federation starships, quickly!
Clone Commander: Master Yoda, all forward positions are advancing.
Yoda: Very good. Very good.
Nute Gunray: This is not looking good at all!
Gilramos Libkath: We must get the starships back into space.
Poggle The Lesser: We have to order a retreat.
Count Dooku: My master will never allow the Republic... to get away with this treachery.
Poggle The Lesser: I'm sending my warriors to hide in the catacombs. The Jedi must not find our designs for the ultimate weapon. If they find out what we are planning to build, we're doomed.
Count Dooku: I will take the designs with me to Coruscant. They will be much safer there with my master.
Yoda: Concentrate all your fire on the nearest starship.
Clone Commander: Yes, sir. Move all quadrants to sector 515.
Obi-Wan: Look over there!
Anakin Skywalker: It's Dooku! Shoot him down!
Clone Pilot: We're out of rockets, sir.
Anakin Skywalker: Follow him!
Padme Amidala: We're gonna need some help!
Obi-Wan: There isn't time! Anakin and I can handle this!
Anakin Skywalker: Padme! Put the ship down!
Obi-Wan: Don't let your personal feelings get in the way! Follow that speeder!
Anakin Skywalker: Lower the ship!
Obi-Wan: I can't take Dooku alone! I need you! If we catch him, we can end this war right now! We have a job to do!
Anakin Skywalker: I don't care! Put the ship down!
Obi-Wan: You will be expelled from the Jedi order!
Anakin Skywalker: I can't leave her!
Obi-Wan: Come to your senses! What do you think Padme would do were she in your position?
Anakin Skywalker: She would do her duty.
Clone Commander: The droid army is in full retreat.
Yoda: Well done, Commander. Bring me a ship.
Anakin Skywalker: You're gonna pay for all the Jedi that you killed today, Dooku.
Obi-Wan: We'll take him together.
Anakin Skywalker: I'm taking him now!
Obi-Wan: No, Anakin! No!
Count Dooku: As you see, my Jedi powers are far beyond yours. Now... back down.
Obi-Wan: I don't think so.
Count Dooku: Master Kenobi, you disappoint me. Yoda holds you in such high esteem. Surely you can do better.
Clone Trooper: Are you all right?
Padme Amidala: Uh-huh.
Clone Trooper: We'd better get back to the forward command center.
Padme Amidala: No. Gather what troops you can. We've got to get to that hangar. Get a transport. Hurry!
Clone Trooper: Right away.
Count Dooku: Brave of you, boy. But I would have thought you had learned your lesson.
Anakin Skywalker: I am a slow learner.
Obi-Wan: Anakin!
Count Dooku: Master Yoda.
Yoda: Count Dooku.
Count Dooku: You have interfered with our affairs for the last time.
Yoda: Powerful you have become, Dooku. The dark side I sense in you.
Count Dooku: I've become more powerful than any Jedi. Even you.
Yoda: Much to learn you still have.
Count Dooku: It is obvious that this contest cannot be decided... by our knowledge of the Force... but by our skills with a lightsaber.
Yoda: Fought well you have, my old Padawan.
Count Dooku: This is just the beginning.
Count Dooku: The Force is with us, Master Sidious.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: Welcome home, Lord Tyranus. You have done well.
Count Dooku: I have good news for you, my lord. The war has begun.
Chancelor Sheev Palpatine: Excellent. Everything is going as planned.
Obi-Wan: Do you believe what Count Dooku said about Sidious controlling the senate? It doesn't feel right.
Yoda: Joined the dark side Dooku has.
Yoda: Lies, deceit... creating mistrust are his ways now.
Mace Windu: Nevertheless... I feel we should keep a closer eye on the senate.
Yoda: I agree.
Mace Windu: Where is your apprentice?
Obi-Wan: On his way to Naboo, escorting Senator Amidala home.
Obi-Wan: I have to admit that without the clones, it would not have been a victory.
Yoda: Victory? Victory, you say? Master Obi-Wan, not victory. The shroud of the dark side has fallen. Begun the Clone War has.