C-3PO: Did you hear that? They shut down the main reactor. We'll be destroyed for sure.
C-3PO: This is madness. We're doomed.
C-3PO: There'll be no escape for the princess this time.
C-3PO: What's that?
C-3PO: R2-D2, where are you?
C-3PO: At last. Where have you been? They're heading in this direction.
C-3PO: What are we going to do? We'll be sent to the Kessel spice mines or smashed into who knows what.
C-3PO: Wait a minute. Where are you going?
Stormtrooper: The Death Star plans are not in the main computer.
Darth Vader: Where are those transmissions you intercepted? What have you done with those plans?
Raymus Antilles: We intercepted no transmissions. This is a consular ship. We're on a diplomatic mission.
Darth Vader: If this is a consular ship, where is the ambassador?
Darth Vader: Commander, tear this ship apart until you've found those plans! And bring me the passengers! I want them alive!
Stormtrooper: There's one. Set for stun.
Stormtrooper: She'll be all right. Inform Lord Vader we have a prisoner.
C-3PO: Hey. You're not permitted in there. It's restricted.
C-3PO: You'll be deactivated for sure.
C-3PO: Don't call me a mindless philosopher, you overweight glob of grease. Come out, before somebody sees you.
C-3PO: Secret mission? What plans? What are you talking about? I'm not getting in there.
C-3PO: I'm going to regret this.
Hija: There goes another one.
Bolvan: Hold your fire. There's no life-forms. It must have short-circuited.
C-3PO: That's funny. The damage doesn't look as bad from out here. Are you sure this thing is safe?
Leia Organa: Darth Vader. Only you could be so bold. The Imperial Senate will not sit still for this. When they hear you've attacked a diplomatic...
Darth Vader: Don't act so surprised, Your Highness. You weren't on any mercy mission this time.
Darth Vader: Several transmissions were beamed to this ship by rebel spies. I want to know what happened to the plans they sent you.
Leia Organa: I don't know what you're talking about. I'm a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan.
Darth Vader: You are part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor. Take her away!
Daine Jir: Holding her is dangerous. If word of this gets out, it could generate sympathy for the rebellion in the senate.
Darth Vader: I have traced the rebel spies to her. Now she is my only link to finding their secret base.
Daine Jir: She'll die before she'll tell you anything.
Darth Vader: Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and then inform the senate that all aboard were killed.
Nahdonnis Praji: Lord Vader, the battle station plans are not aboard this ship...and no transmissions were made.
Nahdonnis Praji: An escape pod was jettisoned during the fighting, but no life-forms were aboard.
Darth Vader: She must have hidden the plans in the escape pod.
Darth Vader: Send a detachment down to retrieve them.
Darth Vader: See to it personally, Commander. There'll be no one to stop us this time.
Nahdonnis Praji: Yes, sir.
C-3PO: How did we get into this mess? I really don't know how.
C-3PO: We seem to be made to suffer. It's our lot in life.
C-3PO: I've got to rest before I fall apart. My joints are almost frozen.
C-3PO: What a desolate place this is.
C-3PO: Where do you think you're going? Well, I'm not going that way. It's much too rocky. This way is much easier. What makes you think there are settlements over there?
C-3PO: Don't get technical with me.
C-3PO: What mission? What are you talking about?
C-3PO: I've just about had enough of you. Go that way. You'll be malfunctioning within a day, you nearsighted scrap pile. And don't let me catch you following me, begging for help... because you won't get it.
C-3PO: No more adventures. I'm not going that way.
C-3PO: That malfunctioning little twerp. This is all his fault. He tricked me into going this way...but he'll do no better.
C-3PO: Wait. What's that? A transport. I'm saved. Over here! Hey! Hey! Help! Please help!
C-3PO: R2? R2-D2, it is you! It is you!
Stormtrooper: Someone was in the pod. The tracks go off in this direction.
Stormtrooper: Look, sir. Droids.
C-3PO: We stopped. Wake up. Wake up!
C-3PO: We're doomed.
C-3PO: Do you think they'll melt us down?
C-3PO: Don't shoot. Don't shoot.
C-3PO: Will this never end?
Uncle Owen Larrs: Fine. Let's go.
Aunt Beru Whitesun Lars: Luke! Luke!
Aunt Beru Whitesun Lars: Luke, tell your uncle if he gets a translator, be sure it speaks Bocce.
Luke Skywalker: Doesn't look like we have much choice, but I'll remind him.
Uncle Owen Larrs: Yeah, we'll take that red one. No, not that one.
Uncle Owen Larrs: You. I suppose you're programmed for etiquette and protocol.
C-3PO: Protocol? It's my primary function, sir. I am well-versed in all the customs...
Uncle Owen Larrs: I have no need for a protocol droid.
C-3PO: Of course you haven't, sir. Not in an environment such as this. That's why I have been programmed...
Uncle Owen Larrs: I need a droid who understands the binary language of moisture vaporators.
C-3PO: Vaporators? Sir, my first job was programming binary load lifters...very similar to your vaporators in most respects.
Uncle Owen Larrs: Can you speak Bocce?
C-3PO: Of course. It's like a second language.
Uncle Owen Larrs: All right. Shut up. I'll take this one.
C-3PO: Shutting up, sir.
Uncle Owen Larrs: Luke! Take these two to the garage. I want them cleaned up before dinner.
Luke Skywalker: But I was going into Tosche Station to pick up some power converters.
Uncle Owen Larrs: You can waste time with your friends when your chores are done. Now come on. Get to it.
Luke Skywalker: All right. Come on. And the red one. Come on.
Luke Skywalker: Come on, red. Let's go. Uncle Owen.
Uncle Owen Larrs: Yeah?
Luke Skywalker: This R2 unit has a bad motivator. Look.
Uncle Owen Larrs: Hey, what are you trying to push on us?
C-3PO: Excuse me, sir, but that R2 unit is in prime condition, a real bargain.
Luke Skywalker: Uncle Owen, what about that one?
Uncle Owen Larrs: What about that blue one? We'll take that one.
Luke Skywalker: Take this away.
C-3PO: You'll be pleased with that one, sir. He really is in first-class condition. I've worked with him before. Here he comes.
Luke Skywalker: Okay. Let's go.
C-3PO: Don't you forget this. Why I should stick my neck out for you is quite beyond my capacity.
C-3PO: Thank the maker. This oil bath is going to feel so good.
C-3PO: I've got such a bad case of dust contamination, I can barely move.
Luke Skywalker: It just isn't fair. Biggs is right. I'm never gonna get out of here.
C-3PO: Is there anything I might do to help?
Luke Skywalker: No, not unless you can alter time, speed up the harvest...or teleport me off this rock.
C-3PO: I don't think so, sir. I'm only a droid and not very knowledgeable about such things. Not on this planet, anyway. As a matter of fact, I'm not even sure which planet I'm on.
Luke Skywalker: Well, if there's a bright center to the universe...you're on the planet that it's farthest from.
C-3PO: I see, sir.
Luke Skywalker: You can call me Luke.
C-3PO: I see, Sir Luke.
Luke Skywalker: Just Luke.
C-3PO: And I am C-3PO, human-cyborg relations. And this is my counterpart, R2-D2.
Luke Skywalker: Hello. You got a lot of carbon scoring here. Looks like you boys have seen a lot of action.
C-3PO: With all we've been through...sometimes I'm amazed we're in as good condition as we are...what with the rebellion and all.
Luke Skywalker: You know of the rebellion against the Empire?
C-3PO: That's how we came to be in your service, if you take my meaning, sir.
Luke Skywalker: Have you been in many battles?
C-3PO: Several, I think. There's not much to tell. I'm not much more than an interpreter and not very good at telling stories. Well, not at making them interesting, anyway.
Luke Skywalker: Well, my little friend...you got something jammed in here real good. Were you on a Starcruiser or...
Leia Organa: Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.
Luke Skywalker: What's this?
C-3PO: "What is what"? He asked you a question. What is that?
Leia Organa: Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope. Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.
C-3PO: He says it's nothing, sir, merely a malfunction. Old data. Pay it no mind.
Luke Skywalker: Who is she? She's beautiful.
C-3PO: I'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir. I think she was a passenger on our last voyage. A person of some importance, I believe. Our captain was...
Luke Skywalker: Is there any more to this recording?
C-3PO: Behave yourself, R2. You're going to get us into trouble. It's all right. You can trust him. He's our new master.
Leia Organa: You're my only hope.
C-3PO: He says he's the property of Obi-Wan Kenobi, a resident of these parts...and it's a private message for him.
C-3PO: Frankly, I don't know what he's talking about. Our last master was Captain Antilles. But with all we've been through, this R2 unit has become a bit eccentric.
Luke Skywalker: Obi-Wan Kenobi. I wonder if he means old Ben Kenobi.
C-3PO: I beg your pardon, sir, but do you know what he's talking about?
Luke Skywalker: I don't know anyone named Obi-Wan...but old Ben lives out beyond the Dune Sea. He's kind of a strange old hermit.
Luke Skywalker: I wonder who she is. Sounds like she's in trouble. I better play back the whole thing.
C-3PO: He says the restraining bolt has short-circuited his recording system. He suggests that if you remove the bolt...he might be able to play back the entire recording.
Luke Skywalker: Oh, yeah. Well...I guess you're too small to run away on me if I take this off.
Luke Skywalker: Okay. There you go. Where'd she go? Bring her back. Play back the entire message.
C-3PO: "What message"? The one you've just been playing. The one you're carrying inside your rusty innards.
Aunt Beru Whitesun Lars: Luke! Luke!
Luke Skywalker: I'll be right there, Aunt Beru.
C-3PO: I'm sorry, sir, but he appears to have picked up a slight flutter.
Luke Skywalker: Here. See what you can do with him. I'll be right back.
C-3PO: Just you reconsider playing that message for him.
C-3PO: No, I don't think he likes you at all. No, I don't like you either.
Luke Skywalker: I think that R2 unit might have been stolen.
Uncle Owen Larrs: What makes you think that?
Luke Skywalker: I stumbled across a recording while I was cleaning him. He says he belongs to someone called Obi-Wan Kenobi. I thought he might have meant old Ben.
Luke Skywalker: Do you know what he's talking about? I wonder if he's related to Ben.
Uncle Owen Larrs: That wizard's just a crazy old man. Tomorrow, take that R2 unit to Anchorhead and have its memory erased.
Uncle Owen Larrs: That'll be the end of it. It belongs to us now.
Luke Skywalker: But what if this Obi-Wan comes looking for him?
Uncle Owen Larrs: He won't. I don't think he exists anymore. He died about the same time as your father.
Luke Skywalker: He knew my father?
Uncle Owen Larrs: I told you to forget it. Your only concern is to prepare those new droids for tomorrow.
Uncle Owen Larrs: In the morning, I want them on the south ridge, working on those condensers.
Luke Skywalker: Yes, sir. I think those new droids are gonna work out fine. In fact, I was also thinking about our agreement...about me staying on another season.
Luke Skywalker: If these new droids work out, I want to apply to the academy this year.
Uncle Owen Larrs: You mean the next semester before the harvest?
Luke Skywalker: Sure. There's more than enough droids.
Uncle Owen Larrs: Harvest is when I need you the most. It's only one season more.
Uncle Owen Larrs: This year we'll make enough on the harvest to hire more hands...and then you can go to the academy next year.
Uncle Owen Larrs: You must understand I need you here, Luke.
Luke Skywalker: But it's a whole 'nother year.
Uncle Owen Larrs: It's only one more season.
Luke Skywalker: That's what you said when Biggs and Tank left.
Aunt Beru Whitesun Lars: Where are you going?
Luke Skywalker: Looks like I'm going nowhere.
Luke Skywalker: I have to go finish cleaning those droids.
Aunt Beru Whitesun Lars: Owen, he can't stay here forever. Most of his friends have gone. It means so much to him.
Uncle Owen Larrs: I'll make it up to him next year. I promise.
Aunt Beru Whitesun Lars: Luke's just not a farmer, Owen. He has too much of his father in him.
Uncle Owen Larrs: That's what I'm afraid of.
Luke Skywalker: What are you doing hiding back there?
C-3PO: It wasn't my fault, sir. Please don't deactivate me. I told him not to go, but he's faulty, malfunctioning. Kept babbling on about his mission.
Luke Skywalker: Oh, no.
C-3PO: That R2 unit has always been a problem. These astro droids are getting quite out of hand. Even I can't understand their logic at times.
Luke Skywalker: How could I be so stupid? He's nowhere in sight. Blast it!
C-3PO: Pardon me, sir, but couldn't we go after him?
Luke Skywalker: It's too dangerous with the Sandpeople around. We'll have to wait till morning.
Uncle Owen Larrs: Luke, I'm shutting the power down.
Luke Skywalker: I'll be there in a few minutes.
Luke Skywalker: Boy, am I gonna get it. That little droid's gonna cause me a lot of trouble.
C-3PO: He excels at that, sir.
Luke Skywalker: Come on.
Uncle Owen Larrs: Luke? Luke! Have you seen Luke this morning?
Aunt Beru Whitesun Lars: He said he had things to do before he started today, so he left early.
Uncle Owen Larrs: Did he take those new droids with him?
Aunt Beru Whitesun Lars: I think so.
Uncle Owen Larrs: He better have those units in the south range repaired by midday...or there'll be hell to pay.
Luke Skywalker: There's a droid on the scanner. Dead ahead. It might be our little R2 unit. Hit the accelerator.
Luke Skywalker: Where do you think you're going?
C-3PO: Master Luke is your rightful owner now. We'll have no more of this Obi-Wan Kenobi gibberish.
C-3PO: Don't talk to me of your mission either. You're fortunate he doesn't blast you into a million pieces right here.
Luke Skywalker: No. It's all right, but I think we'd better go. What's wrong with him now?
C-3PO: There are several creatures approaching from the southeast.
Luke Skywalker: Sandpeople. Or worse. Come on. Let's go have a look. Come on.
Luke Skywalker: Well, there are two Banthas down there, but I don't see any... Wait a second. They're Sandpeople, all right. I can see one of them now.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Hello there.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Come here, my little friend. Don't be afraid.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Don't worry. He'll be all right.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Rest easy, son. You've had a busy day. You're fortunate to be all in one piece.
Luke Skywalker: Ben? Ben Kenobi? Boy, am I glad to see you.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: The Jundland Wastes are not to be traveled lightly.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Tell me, young Luke, what brings you out this far?
Luke Skywalker: This little droid. I think he's searching for his former master...but I've never seen such devotion in a droid before.
Luke Skywalker: He claims to be the property of an Obi-Wan Kenobi. Is he a relative of yours? Do you know who he's talking about?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Obi-Wan Kenobi? Obi-Wan.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Now, that's a name I've not heard in a long time. A long time.
Luke Skywalker: I think my uncle knows him. He said he was dead.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: He's not dead. Not yet.
Luke Skywalker: You know him?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Of course I know him. He's me.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: I haven't gone by the name of Obi-Wan...since, oh, before you were born.
Luke Skywalker: Then the droid does belong to you.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: I don't seem to remember ever owning a droid. Very interesting.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: I think we better get indoors. The Sandpeople are easily startled...but they'll soon be back...and in greater numbers.
Luke Skywalker: 3PO
C-3PO: Where am I? I must have taken a bad step.
Luke Skywalker: Can you stand? We've gotta get out of here before the Sandpeople return.
C-3PO: I don't think I can make it. You go on, Master Luke.
C-3PO: There's no sense in you risking yourself on my account. I'm done for.
Luke Skywalker: No, you're not. What kind of talk is that?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Quickly. They're on the move.
Luke Skywalker: My father didn't fight in the wars. He was a navigator on a spice freighter.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: That's what your uncle told you. He didn't hold with your father's ideals. Thought he should have stayed here and not gotten involved.
Luke Skywalker: You fought in the Clone Wars?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Yes. I was once a Jedi knight, the same as your father.
Luke Skywalker: I wish I'd known him.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: He was the best starpilot in the galaxy...and a cunning warrior. I understand you've become quite a good pilot yourself.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: And he was a good friend. Which reminds me...
Obi-Wan Kenobi: I have something here for you. Your father wanted you to have this when you were old enough...but your uncle wouldn't allow it.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: He feared you might follow old Obi-Wan...on some damn-fool idealistic crusade, like your father did.
C-3PO: Sir, if you'll not be needing me, I'll close down for a while.
Luke Skywalker: Sure. Go ahead.
Luke Skywalker: What is it?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Your father's lightsaber.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: This is the weapon of a Jedi knight. Not as clumsy or random as a blaster.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: An elegant weapon...for a more civilized age.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: For over a thousand generations, the Jedi knights...were the guardians of peace and justice in the old Republic...before the dark times...before the Empire.
Luke Skywalker: How did my father die?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: A young Jedi named Darth Vader...who was a pupil of mine until he turned to evil...helped the Empire hunt down and destroy the Jedi knights.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: He betrayed and murdered your father.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Now the Jedi are all but extinct. Vader was seduced by the dark side of the Force.
Luke Skywalker: The Force?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: The Force is what gives a Jedi his power. It's an energy field created by all living things. It surrounds us and penetrates us. It binds the galaxy together.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Let's see if we can't figure out what you are, my little friend...and where you come from.
Luke Skywalker: I saw part of a message...
Obi-Wan Kenobi: I seem to have found it.
Leia Organa: General Kenobi, years ago you served my father in the Clone Wars. Now he begs you to help him in his struggle against the Empire.
Leia Organa: I regret that I am unable to present my father's request in person. But my ship has fallen under attack...and I'm afraid my mission to bring you to Alderaan has failed.
Leia Organa: I have placed information vital to the survival of the rebellion...into the memory systems of this R2 unit. My father will know how to retrieve it.
Leia Organa: You must see this droid safely delivered to him on Alderaan. This is our most desperate hour.
Leia Organa: Help me, Obi-Wan Kenobi. You're my only hope.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: You must learn the ways of the Force if you're to come with me to Alderaan.
Luke Skywalker: Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan. I've gotta get home. It's late. I'm in for it as it is.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: I need your help, Luke. She needs your help. I'm getting too old for this sort of thing.
Luke Skywalker: I can't get involved. I've got work to do.
Luke Skywalker: It's not that I like the Empire. I hate it. But there's nothing I can do about it right now. It's all such a long way from here.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: That's your uncle talking.
Luke Skywalker: Oh, boy. My uncle. How am I ever gonna explain this?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Learn about the Force, Luke.
Luke Skywalker: I can take you as far as Anchorhead. You can get a transport there to Mos Eisley or wherever you're going.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: You must do what you feel is right, of course.
Tagge: Until this battle station is fully operational, we are vulnerable.
Tagge: The Rebel Alliance is too well equipped. They're more dangerous than you realize.
Conan Antonio Motti: Dangerous to your starfleet, Commander...not to this battle station.
Tagge: The rebellion will continue to gain support in the Imperial Senate...
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: The Imperial Senate will no longer be of any concern to us. I've just received word that the emperor has dissolved the council permanently.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: The last remnants of the old Republic have been swept away.
Tagge: That's impossible. How will the emperor maintain control without the bureaucracy?
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: The regional governors now have direct control over their territories.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: Fear will keep the local systems in line. Fear of this battle station.
Tagge: And what of the rebellion? If the rebels have obtained a complete technical readout of this station...it is possible, however unlikely...that they might find a weakness and exploit it.
Darth Vader: The plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands.
Conan Antonio Motti: Any attack by the rebels against this station would be a useless gesture...no matter what technical data they've obtained.
Conan Antonio Motti: This station is now the ultimate power in the universe. I suggest we use it.
Darth Vader: Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed.
Darth Vader: The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant...next to the power of the Force.
Conan Antonio Motti: Don't try to frighten us with your sorcerer's ways, Lord Vader.
Conan Antonio Motti: Your sad devotion to that ancient religion...has not helped you conjure up the stolen data tapes...or given you clairvoyance enough to find the rebels' hidden fortress...
Darth Vader: I find your lack of faith disturbing.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: Enough of this. Vader, release him.
Darth Vader: As you wish.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: This bickering is pointless. Lord Vader will provide us with the location of the rebel fortress...by the time this station is operational.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: We will then crush the rebellion with one swift stroke.
Luke Skywalker: It looks like the Sandpeople did this. There's gaffi sticks, Bantha tracks. I've just never heard of them hitting anything this big before.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: They didn't, but we are meant to think they did.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: These tracks are side-by-side. Sandpeople always ride single file to hide their numbers.
Luke Skywalker: These are the same Jawas that sold us R2 and 3PO.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: And these blast points, too accurate for Sandpeople. Only imperial stormtroopers are so precise.
Luke Skywalker: But why would imperial troops want to slaughter Jawas?
Luke Skywalker: If they traced the robots here, they may have learned who they sold them to...and that would lead them back... home.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Wait, Luke. It's too dangerous.
Luke Skywalker: Uncle Owen. Aunt Beru. Uncle Owen.
Darth Vader: Now, Your Highness, we will discuss the location of your hidden rebel base.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: There's nothing you could have done, had you been there. You'd have been killed too...and the droids would now be in the hands of the Empire.
Luke Skywalker: I want to come with you to Alderaan. There's nothing for me here now.
Luke Skywalker: I want to learn the ways of the Force and become a Jedi like my father.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Mos Eisley spaceport. You will never find a more wretched hive of scum and villainy. We must be cautious.
Sandtrooper: How long have you had these droids?
Luke Skywalker: Three or four seasons.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: They're up for sale if you want them.
Sandtrooper: Let me see your identification.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: You don't need to see his identification.
Sandtrooper: We don't need to see his identification.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: These aren't the droids you're looking for.
Sandtrooper: These aren't the droids we're looking for.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: He can go about his business.
Sandtrooper: You can go about your business.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Move along.
Sandtrooper: Move along. Move along.
C-3PO: I can't abide those Jawas. Disgusting creatures.
Luke Skywalker: Go on, go on.
Luke Skywalker: I can't understand how we got by those troops. I thought we were dead.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: The Force can have a strong influence on the weak-minded.
Luke Skywalker: You really think we're gonna find a pilot here to take us to Alderaan?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Most of the best freighter pilots are to be found here.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Only watch your step...this place can be a little rough.
Luke Skywalker: I'm ready for anything.
C-3PO: Come along, R2.
Wuher: Hey. We don't serve their kind here.
Luke Skywalker: What?
Wuher: Your droids... they'll have to wait outside. We don't want them here.
Luke Skywalker: Wait out by the speeder. We don't want any trouble.
C-3PO: I heartily agree with you, sir.
Luke Skywalker: I'll have one of those.
Dr. Cornelius Evazan: He doesn't like you.
Luke Skywalker: I'm sorry.
Dr. Cornelius Evazan: I don't like you either.
Dr. Cornelius Evazan: You just watch yourself. We're wanted men. I have the death sentence on 12 systems.
Luke Skywalker: I'll be careful then.
Dr. Cornelius Evazan: You'll be dead!
Obi-Wan Kenobi: This little one's not worth the effort. Come, let me get you something.
Luke Skywalker: I'm all right.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Chewbacca here is first mate on a ship that might suit us.
C-3PO: I don't like the look of this.
Han Solo: Han Solo. I'm captain of the Millennium Falcon. Chewie here tells me you're looking for passage to the Alderaan system.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Yes, indeed, if it's a fast ship.
Han Solo: Fast ship? You've never heard of the Millennium Falcon?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Should I have?
Han Solo: It's the ship that made the Kessel run in less than 12 parsecs.
Han Solo: I've outrun imperial starships. Not the local bulk cruisers, mind you. I'm talking about the big Corellian ships now. She's fast enough for you, old man.
Han Solo: What's the cargo?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Only passengers...myself, the boy, two droids...and no questions asked.
Han Solo: Is it some kind of local trouble?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Let's just say we'd like to avoid any imperial entanglements.
Han Solo: Well, that's the real trick, isn't it? And it's gonna cost you something extra. 10000
Luke Skywalker: 10000? We could almost buy our own ship for that.
Han Solo: But who's gonna fly it, kid? You?
Luke Skywalker: You bet I could. I'm not such a bad pilot. We don't have to sit here and listen...
Obi-Wan Kenobi: We can pay you 2,000 now...plus 15 when we reach Alderaan.
Han Solo: Seventeen? Okay, you guys got yourselves a ship.
Han Solo: We'll leave as soon as you're ready. Docking Bay 94.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Ninety-four.
Han Solo: Looks like somebody's beginning to take an interest in your handiwork.
Sandtrooper: All right. We'll check it out.
Han Solo: Seventeen thousand,  must really be desperate. This could really save my neck. Get back to the ship, get it ready.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: You'll have to sell your speeder.
Luke Skywalker: That's okay. I'm never coming back to this planet again.
Greedo: Going somewhere, Solo?
Han Solo: Yes, Greedo. As a matter of fact, I was just going to see your boss. Tell Jabba that I've got his money.
Greedo: It's too late. You should have paid him when you had the chance.
Greedo: Jabba's put a price on your head so large...every bounty hunter in the galaxy will be looking for you...I'm lucky I found you first.
Han Solo: Yeah, but this time I've got the money.
Greedo: If you give it to me, I might forget I found you.
Han Solo: I don't have it with me. Tell Jabba...
Greedo: Jabba's through with you. He has no time for smugglers...who drop their shipments at the first sign of an imperial cruiser.
Han Solo: Even I get boarded sometimes. Do you think I had a choice?
Greedo: You can tell that to Jabba. He may only take your ship.
Han Solo: Over my dead body.
Greedo: That's the idea. I've been looking forward to this for a long time.
Han Solo: I'll bet you have.
Greedo: Maclunkey
Han Solo: Sorry about the mess.
Darth Vader: Her resistance to the mind probe is considerable. It'll be some time before we can extract any information from her.
Conan Antonio Motti: The final checkout is completed. All systems are operational. What course shall we set?
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: Perhaps she would respond to an alternative form of persuasion.
Darth Vader: What do you mean?
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: I think it is time we demonstrated the full power of this station. Set your course for Alderaan.
Conan Antonio Motti: With pleasure.
C-3PO: Lock the door, R2.
Sandtrooper: Check this side of the street. The door's locked. Move on to the next one.
C-3PO: I would much rather have gone with Master Luke than stay here with you.
C-3PO: I don't know what this trouble is about, but I'm sure it must be your fault. You watch your language.
Luke Skywalker: All right. Give it to me. I'll take it.
Luke Skywalker: Look at this. Ever since the XP-38 came out, they just aren't in demand.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: It'll be enough.
Jabba The Hutt: Solo! Come out of there, Solo!
Han Solo: Right here, Jabba. I've been waitin' for you.
Jabba The Hutt: Have you now.
Han Solo: You didn't think I was gonna run, did you?
Jabba The Hutt: Han, my boy, you disappoint me. Why haven't you paid me...and why did you fry poor Greedo?
Han Solo: Jabba, next time you wanna talk to me, come see me yourself. Don't send one of these twerps.
Jabba The Hutt: Han, I can't make exceptions. What if everyone who smuggled for me...dropped their cargo at the first sign...of an imperial starship? It's not good business.
Han Solo: Look, Jabba, even I get boarded sometimes. You think I had a choice?
Han Solo: But I got a nice, easy charter. I'll pay ya back, plus a little extra. I just need a little more time.
Jabba The Hutt: Han, my boy, you're the best.
Jabba The Hutt: So, for an extra twenty percent...
Han Solo: Fifteen, Jabba. Don't push it.
Jabba The Hutt: Okay, fifteen percent. But if you fail me again...I'll put a price on your head so big...you won't be able to go near a civilized system.
Han Solo: Jabba, you're a wonderful human being.
Jabba The Hutt: Come on!
Obi-Wan Kenobi: If the ship's as fast as he's boasting, we ought to do well.
Luke Skywalker: What a piece of junk.
Han Solo: She'll make .5 past light speed. She may not look like much, but she's got it where it counts, kid. I've made a lot of special modifications myself. But we're a little rushed, so if you'll just get on board, we'll get outta here.
C-3PO: Hello, sir.
Stormtrooper: Which way? All right, men, load your weapons.
Stormtrooper: Stop that ship. Blast them.
Han Solo: Chewie, get us out of here!
C-3PO: Oh, my. I'd forgotten how much I hate space travel.
Han Solo: Looks like an imperial cruiser. Our passengers are hotter than I thought. Hold 'em off. Angle the deflector shields... while I make the calculations for the jump to light speed.
Han Solo: Stay sharp. There's two more comin' in. They're gonna try and cut us off.
Luke Skywalker: Why don't you outrun 'em? You said this thing was fast.
Han Solo: Watch your mouth or you're gonna find yourself floating home.
Han Solo: We'll be safe enough once we make the jump to hyperspace. Besides, I know a few maneuvers. We'll lose 'em.
Han Solo: Here's where the fun begins.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: How long before you can jump to light speed?
Han Solo: It'll take a few moments to get the coordinates from the navicomputer.
Luke Skywalker: Are you kidding? At the rate they're gaining?
Han Solo: Traveling through hyperspace ain't like dustin' crops, boy.
Han Solo: Without precise calculations, we'd fly right through a star...or bounce too close to a supernova, and that would end your trip real quick.
Luke Skywalker: What's that flashing?
Han Solo: We're losing a deflector shield. Go strap yourselves in. I'm gonna make the jump to light speed.
Conan Antonio Motti: We've entered the Alderaan system.
Leia Organa: Governor Tarkin. I should have expected to find you holding Vader's leash. I recognized your foul stench when I was brought on board.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: Charming to the last. You don't know how hard I found it...signing the order to terminate your life.
Leia Organa: I'm surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: Princess Leia, before your execution...I would like you to be my guest at a ceremony...that will make this battle station operational.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: No star system will dare oppose the emperor now.
Leia Organa: The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin... the more star systems will slip through your fingers.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: Not after we demonstrate the power of this station.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: In a way, you have determined the choice of the planet...that'll be destroyed first.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: Since you are reluctant to provide us with the location of the rebel base...
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: I have chosen to test this station's destructive power...on your home planet of Alderaan.
Leia Organa: No. Alderaan is peaceful. We have no weapons.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: You would prefer another target? A military target? Then name the system.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: I grow tired of asking this, so it will be the last time. Where is the rebel base?
Leia Organa: Dantooine. They're on Dantooine.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: There. You see, Lord Vader? She can be reasonable. Continue with the operation. You may fire when ready.
Leia Organa: What?
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: You're far too trusting. Dantooine is too remote to make an effective demonstration. But don't worry. We will deal with your rebel friends soon enough.
Tenn Graneet: Commence primary ignition.
Luke Skywalker: Are you all right? What's wrong?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: I felt a great disturbance in the Force...as if millions of voices suddenly cried out in terror...and were suddenly silenced.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: I fear something terrible has happened. You'd better get on with your exercises.
Han Solo: You can forget your troubles with those imperial slugs. I told you I'd outrun them.
Han Solo: Don't everybody thank me at once. Anyway, we should be at Alderaan about 0200 hours.
C-3PO: Now be careful, R2. He made a fair move. Screaming about it can't help you.
Han Solo: Let him have it. It's not wise to upset a Wookiee.
C-3PO: But, sir, nobody worries about upsetting a droid.
Han Solo: That's 'cause a droid don't pull people's arms out of their sockets when they lose. Wookiees are known to do that.
C-3PO: I see your point, sir. I suggest a new strategy, R2. Let the Wookiee win.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force flowing through him.
Luke Skywalker: You mean it controls your actions?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Partially. But it also obeys your commands.
Han Solo: Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a blaster at your side, kid.
Luke Skywalker: You don't believe in the Force, do you?
Han Solo: Kid, I've flown from one side of this galaxy to the other. I've seen a lot of strange stuff...but I've never seen anything to make me believe...there's one all-powerful force controlling everything. There's no mystical energy field controls my destiny.
Han Solo: It's all a lot of simple tricks and nonsense.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self... and act on instinct.
Luke Skywalker: With the blast shield down, I can't see. How am I supposed to fight?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Your eyes can deceive you. Don't trust them.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Stretch out with your feelings.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: You see? You can do it.
Han Solo: I call it luck.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: In my experience, there's no such thing as luck.
Han Solo: Good against remotes is one thing. Good against the living, that's something else.
Han Solo: We're coming up on Alderaan.
Luke Skywalker: I did feel something. I could almost see the remote.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: That's good. You've taken your first step into a larger world.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: Yes?
Siward Cass: Our scout ships have reached Dantooine. They found the remains of a rebel base... but they estimate that it has been deserted for some time.
Siward Cass: They are now conducting an extensive search of the surrounding systems.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: She lied. She lied to us.
Darth Vader: I told you she would never consciously betray the rebellion.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: Terminate her immediately.
Han Solo: Stand by, Chewie. Here we go. Cut in the sublight engines.
Han Solo: What the... We've come out of hyperspace into a meteor shower... some kind of asteroid collision. It's not on any of the charts.
Luke Skywalker: What's going on?
Han Solo: Our position's correct, except no Alderaan.
Luke Skywalker: Where is it?
Han Solo: That's what I'm trying to tell you. It ain't there. It's been blown away.
Luke Skywalker: What? How?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Destroyed by the Empire.
Han Solo: The entire starfleet couldn't destroy the whole planet. It'd take a thousand ships with more firepower than I've...
Han Solo: There's another ship coming in.
Luke Skywalker: Maybe they know what happened.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: It's an imperial fighter.
Luke Skywalker: It followed us.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: No. It's a short-range fighter.
Han Solo: There aren't any bases around here. Where did it come from?
Luke Skywalker: Sure is leaving in a hurry. If they identify us, we're in trouble.
Han Solo: Not if I can help it. Chewie, jam its transmissions.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Let it go. It's too far out of range.
Han Solo: Not for long.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: A fighter that size couldn't get this deep into space on its own.
Luke Skywalker: He must have gotten lost, been part of a convoy or something.
Han Solo: He ain't gonna be around long enough to tell anybody about us.
Luke Skywalker: He's heading for that small moon.
Han Solo: I can get him before he gets there. He's almost in range.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: That's no moon. It's a space station.
Han Solo: It's too big to be a space station.
Luke Skywalker: I have a very bad feeling about this.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Turn the ship around.
Han Solo: Yeah. I think you're right. Full reverse. Chewie, lock in the auxiliary power.
Han Solo: Chewie, lock in the auxiliary power.
Luke Skywalker: Why are we still moving towards it?
Han Solo: We're caught in a tractor beam. It's pulling us in.
Luke Skywalker: There's gotta be something you can do.
Han Solo: There's nothing I can do. I'm at full power. I have to shut down. They're not gonna get me without a fight.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: You can't win, but there are alternatives to fighting.
Stormtrooper: Clear Bay 327. We are opening the magnetic field.
Stormtrooper: To your stations. Come with me. Close all outboard shields. Close all outboard shields.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: Yes?
Officer: We've captured a freighter entering the remains of the Alderaan system. Its markings match those of a ship that blasted its way out of Mos Eisley.
Darth Vader: They must be trying to return the stolen plans to the princess. She may yet be of some use to us.
Officer: Unlock 1, 5, 7 and 9. Release charge.
Edmos Khurgee: There's no one on board, sir. According to the log, the crew abandoned ship right after takeoff. It must be a decoy. Several escape pods have been jettisoned.
Darth Vader: Did you find any droids?
Edmos Khurgee: No, sir. If there were any, they must also have jettisoned.
Darth Vader: Send a scanning crew aboard. I want every part of this ship checked.
Edmos Khurgee: Yes, sir.
Darth Vader: I sense something... a presence I've not felt since...
Edmos Khurgee: Get me a scanning crew in here. I want every part of this ship checked.
Stormtrooper: There's no one here.
Luke Skywalker: Boy, it's lucky you have these compartments.
Han Solo: I use them for smuggling. I never thought I'd be smuggling myself in 'em. This is ridiculous. Even if I could take off, I'd never get past the tractor beam.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Leave that to me.
Han Solo: Damn fool. I knew you were gonna say that.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Who's the more foolish, the fool or the fool who follows him?
Stormtrooper: The ship's all yours. If the scanners pick up anything, report it immediately.
Stormtrooper: All right. Let's go.
Han Solo: Hey, down there. Could you give us a hand with this?
Officer: TK-421, why aren't you at your post? TK-421, do you copy? Take over. We've got a bad transmitter. I'll see what I can do.
Luke Skywalker: Between his howling and your blasting everything... it's a wonder the whole station doesn't know we're here.
Han Solo: Bring 'em on. I prefer a straight fight to sneakin' around.
C-3PO: We've found the computer outlet, sir.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Plug in. He should be able to interpret the entire imperial network.
C-3PO: He's found the controls to the power beam that's holding the ship here. He'll try to make the precise location appear on the monitor.
C-3PO: The tractor beam is coupled to the main reactor in seven locations. A power loss at one of the terminals will allow the ship to leave.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: I don't think you boys can help. I must go alone.
Han Solo: Whatever you say. I've done more than I bargained for on this trip already.
Luke Skywalker: I want to go with you.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Be patient, Luke. Watch the droids. They must be delivered safely... or other star systems will suffer the same fate as Alderaan.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Your destiny lies along a different path from mine. The Force will be with you... always.
Han Solo: You said it, Chewie. Where did you dig up that old fossil?
Luke Skywalker: Ben is a great man.
Han Solo: Great at getting us into trouble.
Luke Skywalker: I didn't hear you give any ideas.
Han Solo: Anything's better than just hangin' around waiting for 'em to pick us up.
Luke Skywalker: Who do you think... What is it?
C-3PO: I'm afraid I'm not quite sure, sir. He says, "I've found her," and keeps repeating, "She's here."
Luke Skywalker: Who? Who has he found?
C-3PO: Princess Leia.
Luke Skywalker: The princess? She's here?
Han Solo: Princess?
Luke Skywalker: Where is she?
Han Solo: Princess? What's going on?
C-3PO: Level 5, Detention Block AA-23. I'm afraid she's scheduled to be terminated.
Luke Skywalker: Oh, no. We've gotta do something.
Han Solo: What are you talking about?
Luke Skywalker: The droids belong to her. She's the one in the message. We gotta help her.
Han Solo: Don't get any funny ideas. The old man wants us to wait here.
Luke Skywalker: He didn't know she was here. Find a way into that detention block.
Han Solo: I'm not going anywhere.
Luke Skywalker: They're gonna execute her. You said you didn't want to just wait to be captured. Now you want to stay?
Han Solo: Marching into the detention area is not what I had in mind.
Luke Skywalker: But they're gonna kill her.
Han Solo: Better her than me.
Luke Skywalker: She's rich.
Han Solo: Rich?
Luke Skywalker: Rich, powerful. If you were to rescue her, the reward would be...
Han Solo: What?
Luke Skywalker: Well, more well than you can imagine.
Han Solo: I don't know. I can imagine quite a bit.
Luke Skywalker: You'll get it.
Han Solo: I better.
Luke Skywalker: You will.
Han Solo: All right, kid. You better be right about this.
Luke Skywalker: All right.
Han Solo: What's your plan?
Luke Skywalker: 3PO hand me those binders will you? Okay. Now, I'm gonna put these on you.
Han Solo: Okay, Han, you put those on.
Luke Skywalker: Don't worry, Chewie. I think I know what he has in mind.
C-3PO: Master Luke, sir, pardon me for asking... but what should R2 and I do if we're discovered here?
Luke Skywalker: Lock the door.
Han Solo: And hope they don't have blasters.
C-3PO: That isn't very reassuring.
Chewbacca: Grrr!
Officer: 517 to scan control. 517 to scan control.
Luke Skywalker: I can't see a thing in this helmet.
Han Solo: This is not gonna work.
Luke Skywalker: Why didn't you say so before?
Han Solo: I did say so before.
Shann Childsen: Where are you taking this... thing?
Luke Skywalker: Prisoner transfer from Cell Block 1138.
Shann Childsen: I wasn't notified. I'll have to clear it.
Han Solo: Look out! He's loose!
Luke Skywalker: He'll tear us all apart!
Han Solo: I'll get him!
Han Solo: Look out.
Han Solo: We gotta find out which cell this princess of yours is in. Here it is... 2187. You go and get her. I'll hold them here.
Han Solo: Everything's under control. Situation normal.
Officer: What happened?
Han Solo: Had a slight weapons malfunction... but everything's perfectly all right now.
Han Solo: We're fine. We're all fine here now. Thank you. How are you?
Officer: We're sending a squad up.
Han Solo: Negative, negative. We have a reactor leak here now. Give us a few minutes to lock it down. Large leak, very dangerous.
Officer: Who is this? What's your operating number?
Han Solo: Boring conversation anyway. Luke, we're gonna have company!
Leia Organa: Aren't you a little short for a stormtrooper?
Luke Skywalker: Oh, the uniform. I'm Luke Skywalker. I'm here to rescue you.
Leia Organa: You're who?
Luke Skywalker: I'm here to rescue you. I've got your R2 unit. I'm here with Ben Kenobi.
Leia Organa: Ben Kenobi? Where is he?
Luke Skywalker: Come on.
Darth Vader: He is here.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: Obi-Wan Kenobi? What makes you think so?
Darth Vader: A tremor in the Force. The last time I felt it was in the presence of my old master.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: Surely he must be dead by now.
Darth Vader: Don't underestimate the Force.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: The Jedi are extinct. Their fire has gone out of the universe. You, my friend, are all that's left of their religion. Yes.
We have an emergency alert in Detention Block AA-23.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: The princess? Put all sections on alert.
Darth Vader: Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with him.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: If you're right, he must not be allowed to escape.
Darth Vader: Escape is not his plan. I must face him alone.
Han Solo: Get behind me. Get behind me.
Stormtrooper: Watch your left. They went down the cell bay.
Han Solo: Can't get out that way.
Leia Organa: You cut off our only escape route.
Han Solo: Maybe you'd like it back in your cell, Your Highness.
Luke Skywalker: C-3PO. C-3PO.
C-3PO: Yes, sir?
Luke Skywalker: Are there any other ways out of the cell bay? We've been cut off.
Luke Skywalker: What was that? I didn't copy.
C-3PO: I said all systems have been alerted to your presence, sir. The main entrance seems to be the only way in or out. All other information on your level is restricted.
Stormtrooper: Open up in there. Open up in there.
C-3PO: Oh, no.
Luke Skywalker: There isn't any other way out.
Han Solo: I can't hold them off forever. Now what?
Leia Organa: This is some rescue. When you came in here, didn't you have a plan for getting out?
Han Solo: He's the brains, sweetheart.
Luke Skywalker: Well, I didn't...
Han Solo: What the hell are you doing?
Leia Organa: Somebody has to save our skins. Into the garbage chute, flyboy.
Han Solo: Get in there! Get in there, you big furry oaf. I don't care what you smell. Get in there, and don't worry about it.
Han Solo: Wonderful girl. Either I'm gonna kill her, or I'm beginning to like her. Get in there.
Han Solo: The garbage chute was a really wonderful idea. What an incredible smell you've discovered. Let's get out of here. Get away from there.
Luke Skywalker: No, wait. Forget it! I already tried it! It's magnetically sealed.
Leia Organa: Put that thing away! You're gonna get us all killed!
Han Solo: Absolutely, Your Worship. Look, I had everything under control till you led us down here. It's not gonna take 'em long to figure out what happened to us.
Leia Organa: It could be worse.
Han Solo: It's worse.
Luke Skywalker: There's something alive in here.
Han Solo: That's your imagination.
Luke Skywalker: Something just moved past my leg. Look. Did you see that?
Han Solo: What?
Han Solo: Kid! Luke!
Leia Organa: Grab hold of this!
Luke Skywalker: Blast it! My gun's jammed.
Han Solo: Where?
Luke Skywalker: Anywhere!
Leia Organa: Help him! What happened?
LukeI don't know. It just let go of me and disappeared.
Han Solo: I got a bad feeling about this.
Leia Organa: The walls are moving!
Leia Organa: Don't just stand there. Try and brace it with something. Help me.
Luke Skywalker: Wait a minute. 3PO! Come in, 3PO
Luke Skywalker: 3PO? Where could he be?
Stormtrooper: Take over. See to him. Look, there.
C-3PO: They're madmen. They're heading for the prison level. If you hurry, you might catch them.
Stormtrooper: Follow me. You stand guard.
C-3PO: Come on. All this excitement has overrun the circuits in my counterpart here. If you don't mind, I'd like to take him down to maintenance.
Stormtrooper: All right.
Luke Skywalker: 3PO? Come in 3PO
Han Solo: Get on top.
Leia Organa: I can't.
Luke Skywalker: Where could he be? 3PO.
C-3PO: They aren't here. Something must have happened to them. See if they've been captured. Hurry.
Han Solo: One thing's for sure. We're all gonna be a lot thinner.
Han Solo: Get on top of it.
Leia Organa: I'm trying.
C-3PO: Thank goodness they haven't found them. Where could they be?
C-3PO: "Use the comlink"? Oh, my. I forgot. I turned it off. Are you there, sir?
Luke Skywalker: 3PO?
C-3PO: We've had some problems.
Luke Skywalker: Shut up and listen to me. Shut down all the garbage mashers on the detention level. Do you copy?
Luke Skywalker: Shut down all the garbage mashers on the detention level! Shut down all the garbage mashers on the detention level!
C-3PO: No, shut them all down. Hurry! Oh, no.
Luke Skywalker: What? You did great, 3PO!
C-3PO: Listen to them. They're dying, R2. Curse my metal body. I wasn't fast enough. It's all my fault. My poor master.
Luke Skywalker: We're all right. You did great! Hey! Open the pressure maintenance hatch on unit number... Where are we? 3263827
Han Solo: If we can avoid any more female advice, we oughta be able to get out of here.
Luke Skywalker: Let's get moving.
Han Solo: Where you goin'?
Leia Organa: Wait! They'll hear!
Han Solo: Come here, you big coward. Chewie, come here.
Leia Organa: Listen. I don't know who you are or where you came from... but from now on, you do as I tell you, okay?
Han Solo: Look, Your Worshipfulness, let's get one thing straight. I take orders from just one person... me.
Leia Organa: It's a wonder you're still alive. Will somebody get this big walking carpet out of my way?
Han Solo: No reward is worth this.
Stormtrooper: Give me regular reports, please.
Stormtrooper: Right.
Stormtrooper: Do you know what's going on?
Stormtrooper: Maybe it's another drill.
Stormtrooper: You seen that new VT-16?
Stormtrooper: Yeah. Some of the other guys were telling me about it.
Stormtrooper: They say it's quite a thing to see.
Stormtrooper: What was that?
Stormtrooper: It's nothing. Outgassing. Don't worry about it.
Han Solo: There she is.
Luke Skywalker: C-3PO, do you copy?
C-3PO: Yes, sir.
Luke Skywalker: Are you safe?
C-3PO: For the moment.
Luke Skywalker: We're in the main hangar across from the ship. We're right above you. Stand by.
Leia Organa: You came in that thing? You're braver than I thought.
Han Solo: Nice. Come on.
Stormtrooper: It's them. Blast them.
Han Solo: Get back to the ship!
Luke Skywalker: Where are you going?
Leia Organa: He certainly has courage.
Luke Skywalker: What good will it do us if he gets himself killed? Come on.
Luke Skywalker: I think we took a wrong turn.
Leia Organa: There's no lock.
Luke Skywalker: That oughta hold them for a while.
Leia Organa: Quick. We've got to get across. Find the controls to extend the bridge.
Luke Skywalker: I think I just blasted it.
Leia Organa: They're coming through.
Luke Skywalker: Here, hold this.
Leia Organa: Here they come.
Leia Organa: For luck.
Stormtrooper: We think they may be splitting up. They may be on Level 5 and 6 now, sir.
C-3PO: Where could they be?
Stormtrooper: Close the blast doors. Open the blast doors. Open the blast doors.
Darth Vader: I've been waiting for you, Obi-Wan. We meet again at last.
Darth Vader: The circle is now complete. When I left you, I was but the learner. Now I am the master.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Only a master of evil, Darth.
Darth Vader: Your powers are weak, old man.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: You can't win, Darth. If you strike me down... I shall become more powerful than you can possibly imagine.
Darth Vader: You should not have come back.
Han Solo: Didn't we just leave this party?
Han Solo: What kept you?
Leia Organa: We ran into some old friends.
Luke Skywalker: The ship all right?
Han Solo: Seems okay, if we can get to it. I hope the old man got the tractor beam down.
Leia Organa: Look.
C-3PO: Come on, R2. We're going.
Han Solo: Now's our chance. Go!
Luke Skywalker: No!
Han Solo: Luke, come on!
Leia Organa: Come on! Luke, it's too late!
Han Solo: Blast the door, kid!
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Run, Luke, run.
Han Solo: I hope that old man got the tractor beam down, or this is gonna be a short trip. Hit it!
Han Solo: We're coming up on their sentry ships. Hold them off. Angle the deflector shields while I charge up the main guns.
Luke Skywalker: I can't believe he's gone.
Leia Organa: There wasn't anything you could have done.
Han Solo: Come on, buddy. We're not out of this yet.
Han Solo: You in, kid? Okay, stay sharp.
Leia Organa: Here they come.
Luke Skywalker: They're coming in too fast!
Leia Organa: We've lost the lateral controls.
Han Solo: Don't worry. She'll hold together. Hear me, baby? Hold together.
Luke Skywalker: Got him. I got him!
Han Solo: Great, kid. Don't get cocky.
Leia Organa: There's still two more.
Luke Skywalker: That's it. We did it.
Leia Organa: We did it.
C-3PO: Help. I think I'm melting. This is all your fault.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: Are they away?
Darth Vader: They've just made the jump into hyperspace.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: You're sure the homing beacon is secure aboard their ship? I'm taking an awful risk, Vader. This had better work.
Han Solo: Not a bad bit of rescuing, huh? You know, sometimes I amaze even myself.
Leia Organa: That doesn't sound too hard. They let us go. It's the only explanation for the ease of our escape.
Han Solo: You call that easy?
Leia Organa: They're tracking us.
Han Solo: Not this ship, sister.
Leia Organa: At least the information in R2 is still intact.
Han Solo: What's so important? What's he carrying?
Leia Organa: The technical readouts of that battle station. I only hope that when the data's analyzed a weakness can be found. It's not over yet.
Han Solo: It is for me, sister. I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid.  I'm in it for the money.
Leia Organa: You needn't worry about your reward. If money is all that you love, then that's what you'll receive.
Leia Organa: Your friend is quite a mercenary. I wonder if he really cares about anything... or anybody.
Luke Skywalker: I care.
Luke Skywalker: So... what do you think of her, Han?
Han Solo: I'm trying not to, kid.
Luke Skywalker: Good.
Han Solo: Still, she's got a lot of spirit. What do you think? You think a princess and a guy like me...
Luke Skywalker: No.
Vanden Willard: You're safe. When we heard about Alderaan, we feared the worst.
Leia Organa: We have no time for sorrows, Commander. You must use the information in this R2 unit to help plan the attack. It's our only hope.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: Yes.
Officer: We're approaching the planet Yavin. The rebel base is on a moon on the far side. We are preparing to orbit the planet.
Jan Dodanna: The battle station is heavily shielded... and carries a firepower greater than half the starfleet.
Jan Dodanna: Its defenses are designed around a direct large-scale assault. A small, one-man fighter should be able to penetrate the outer defense.
Rebel Pilot: Pardon me for asking, sir, but what good are snub fighters against that?
Jan Dodanna: The Empire doesn't consider a small, one-man fighter to be any threat... or they'd have a tighter defense.
Jan Dodanna: An analysis of the plans provided by Princess Leia... has demonstrated a weakness in the battle station.
Jan Dodanna: The approach will not be easy. You're required to maneuver straight down this trench... and skim the surface to this point.
Jan Dodanna: The target area is only two meters wide. It's a small thermal exhaust port right below the main port. The shaft leads directly to the reactor system. A precise hit will start a chain reaction...which should destroy the station.
Jan Dodanna: Only a precise hit will set up a chain reaction. The shaft is ray-shielded, so you'll have to use proton torpedoes.
Wedge Antilles: : That's impossible, even for a computer.
Luke Skywalker: No, it's not. I used to bull's-eye womp rats in my T-16 back home. They're not much bigger than two meters.
Jan Dodanna: Then man your ships, and may the Force be with you.
Officer: Orbiting the planet at maximum velocity. The moon with the rebel base will be in range in 30 minutes.
Darth Vader: This will be a day long remembered. It has seen the end of Kenobi... and will soon see the end of the rebellion.
Rebel Officer: All flight crews, man your stations. All flight crews, man your stations.
Luke Skywalker: So, you got your reward and you're just leaving, then?
Han Solo: That's right. Yeah. I got some old debts I gotta pay off with this stuff. Even if I didn't, you don't think I'd be fool enough to stick around here, do ya?
Han Solo: Why don't you come with us? You're pretty good in a fight. We could use ya.
Luke Skywalker: Come on. Why don't you take a look around? You know what's about to happen, what they're up against. They could use a good pilot like you. You're turning your back on them.
Han Solo: What good's a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like... suicide.
Luke Skywalker: All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're best at, isn't it?
Han Solo: Hey, Luke. May the Force be with you.
Han Solo: What are you looking at? I know what I'm doing.
Rebel Officer: All pilots to your stations.
Leia Organa: What's wrong?
Luke Skywalker: It's Han. I don't know. I really thought he'd change his mind.
Leia Organa: He's got to follow his own path. No one can choose it for him.
Luke Skywalker: I only wish Ben were here.
Rebel Officer: Open main launch tubes.
Rebel Officer: Main launch tubes opening, sir.
Biggs Darklighter: Hey, Luke!
Luke Skywalker: Biggs!
Biggs Darklighter: I don't believe it. How are ya? Coming up?
Luke Skywalker: I'll be up there with you. Have I got stories to tell you.
Garven Dreis: Skywalker. Are you sure you can handle this ship?
Biggs Darklighter: Sir, Luke is the best bush pilot in the outer-rim territories.
Garven Dreis: You'll do all right.
Luke Skywalker: Thank you, sir. I'll try.
Biggs Darklighter: Gotta get aboard. We'll hear all your stories when we get back, all right?
Luke Skywalker: Hey, Biggs. I told you I'd make it someday.
Biggs Darklighter: It'll be like old times, Luke. They'll never stop us.
Rebel Technician: This R2 unit of yours seems a bit beat up. You want a new one?
Luke Skywalker: Not on your life. That droid and I have been through a lot. You okay, R2? Good.
Rebel Officer: Gold squadron, begin takeoff procedure.
C-3PO: Hang on tight, R2. You've got to come back. You wouldn't want my life to get boring, would you?
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Luke, the Force will be with you.
Rebel Officer: Standby alert. Death Star approaching. Estimated time to firing range, 15 minutes.
Garven Dreis: All wings report in.
Theron Nett:  Nett: Red 10 standing by.
Harb Binli: Red Seven standing by.
Biggs Darklighter: Red Three standing by.
Jon "Dutch" Vander: Red Six standing by.
Nozzo Naytaan: Red Nine standing by.
Wedge Antilles: : Red Two standing by.
Puck Naeco: Red 11 standing by.
Luke Skywalker: Red Five standing by.
Garven Dreis: Lock S-foils in attack position.
Garven Dreis: We're passing through the magnetic field. Hold tight. Switch your deflectors on. Double front.
Wedge Antilles: : Look at the size of that thing.
Garven Dreis: Cut the chatter, Red Two. Accelerate to attack speed. This is it, boys.
Jon "Dutch" Vander: Red Leader, this is Gold Leader.
Garven Dreis: I copy, Gold Leader.
Jon "Dutch" Vander: We're starting for the target shaft now.
Garven Dreis: We're in position. I'm going to cut across the axis and draw their fire.
Rebel Pilot: Heavy fire, boss, 23 degrees.
Garven Dreis: I see it. Stay low.
Luke Skywalker: This is Red Five. I'm going in.
Biggs Darklighter: Luke, pull up! You all right?
Luke Skywalker: I got a little cooked, but I'm okay.
Officer Tanbris: We count 30 rebel ships, but they're so small they're evading our turbolasers.
Darth Vader: We'll have to destroy them ship to ship. Get the crews to their fighters.
Garven Dreis: Watch yourself. There's a lot of fire coming from the right side of that deflection tower.
Luke Skywalker: I'm on it.
Biggs Darklighter: I'm going in. Cover me, Jek Tono Porkins: .
Jek Tono Porkins: : Right with you, Red Three.
Jek Tono Porkins: : I've got a problem here.
Biggs Darklighter: Eject.
Jek Tono Porkins: : I can hold it.
Biggs Darklighter: Pull up!
Jek Tono Porkins: : No, I'm all right...
Officer: The rebel base will be in firing range in seven minutes.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Luke, trust your feelings.
Del Goren: Squad leaders... we've picked up a new group of signals. Enemy fighters coming your way.
Luke Skywalker: My scope's negative. I don't see anything.
Garven Dreis: Pick up your visual scanning.
Rebel Pilot: Here they come.
Garven Dreis: You've got one on your tail.
Col Takbright: I'm hit!
Luke Skywalker: You've picked one up. Watch it.
Biggs Darklighter: I can't see it. He's on me tight. I can't shake him.
Luke Skywalker: I'll be right there.
Darth Vader: Several fighters have broken off from the main group. Come with me.
Garven Dreis: Fall in. Fall in.
Biggs Darklighter: Watch your back, Luke. Watch your back.
Rebel Pilot: Fighters above you, coming in.
Luke Skywalker: I'm hit, but not bad. R2, see what you can do with it. Hang on back there.
Garven Dreis: Red Six, can you see Red Five?
Rebel Pilot: There's a heavy fire zone. Red Five, where are you?
Luke Skywalker: I can't shake him.
Wedge Antilles: : I'm on him, Luke.
Luke Skywalker: Blast it, Biggs. Where are you?
Luke Skywalker: Thanks, Wedge Antilles: .
Rebel Pilot: Good shooting, Wedge Antilles: .
Jon "Dutch" Vander: Red Leader, this is Gold Leader. We're starting our attack run.
Garven Dreis: I copy, Gold Leader. Move into position.
Darth Vader: Stay in attack formation.
Jon "Dutch" Vander: The exhaust port is marked and locked in.
Jon "Dutch" Vander: Switch all power to front deflector screen. Switch all power to front deflector screen.
Jon "Dutch" Vander: How many guns do you think, Gold Five?
Davish Krail: Say about 20 guns, some on the surface, some on the towers.
Officer: Death Star will be in range in five minutes.
Jon "Dutch" Vander: Switch to targeting computer.
Dex Tiree: Computer's locked. Getting a signal. The guns. They've stopped.
Davish Krail: Stabilize your rear deflectors. Watch for enemy fighters.
Jon "Dutch" Vander: They're coming in. Three marks at 210.
Darth Vader: I'll take them myself. Cover me.
Emperial Pilot: Yes, sir.
Jon "Dutch" Vander: It's no good. I can't maneuver.
Davish Krail: Stay on target.
Jon "Dutch" Vander: We're too close.
Davish Krail: Stay on target.
Jon "Dutch" Vander: Loosen up!
Davish Krail: Gold Five to Red Leader, lost Tiree, lost Hutch.
Garven Dreis: I copy, Gold Leader.
Davish Krail: They came from behind.
Moradmin Bast: We've analyzed their attack, sir, and there is a danger. Should I have your ship standing by?
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: Evacuate? In our moment of triumph? I think you overestimate their chances.
Officer: Rebel base, three minutes and closing.
Garven Dreis: Red boys, this is Red Leader. Rendezvous at mark 6. 1.
Wedge Antilles: : This is Red Two flying toward you.
Biggs Darklighter: Red Three standing by.
Jan Dodanna: Red Leader, this is Base One. Keep half your group out of range for the next run.
Garven Dreis: Copy, Base One. Luke, take Red Two and Three. Hold up here and wait for my signal to start your run. This is it.
Theron Nett:  Nett: We should be able to see it by now.
Garven Dreis: Keep your eyes open for those fighters.
Theron Nett: : There's too much interference. Red Five, can you see them?
Luke Skywalker: No sign of any... Wait. Coming in .35.
Theron Nett: : I see them.
Garven Dreis: I'm in range. Target's coming up. Just hold them off for a few seconds.
Darth Vader: Close up formation.
Garven Dreis: Almost there.
Theron Nett: : Let her loose. They're right behind me.
Garven Dreis: Almost there.
Theron Nett: : I can't hold them.
Garven Dreis: It's away!
Rebel Pilot: It's a hit!
Garven Dreis: Negative. Negative. It didn't go in. It just impacted on the surface.
Luke Skywalker: Red Leader, we're right above you. Turn to .05. We'll cover for you.
Garven Dreis: Stay there. I just lost my starboard engine. Get set up for your attack run.
Officer: Rebel base, one minute and closing.
Luke Skywalker: Biggs, Wedge Antilles: , let's close it up. We're going in full throttle. That ought to keep those fighters off our back.
Wedge Antilles: : Right with you, boss.
Biggs Darklighter: At that speed, will you be able to pull out in time?
Luke Skywalker: It'll be just like Beggars Canyon back home.
Biggs Darklighter: We'll stay back far enough to cover you.
Wedge Antilles: : My scope shows the tower, but l can't see the exhaust port. Are you sure the computer can hit it?
Luke Skywalker: Watch yourself. Increase speed, full throttle.
Wedge Antilles: : What about that tower?
Luke Skywalker: You worry about those fighters. I'll worry about the tower.
Luke Skywalker: R2, that stabilizer's broken loose again. See if you can't lock it down.
Wedge Antilles: : Fighters coming in .3.
Wedge Antilles: : I'm hit. I can't stay with you.
Luke Skywalker: Get clear, Wedge Antilles: . You can't do any more good back there.
Wedge Antilles: : Sorry.
Darth Vader: Let him go. Stay on the leader.
Biggs Darklighter: Hurry, Luke. They're coming in much faster this time. We can't hold them.
Luke Skywalker: R2, try and increase the power.
Biggs Darklighter: Hurry up, Luke. Quick. Quick.
Officer: Rebel base, 30 seconds and closing.
Darth Vader: I'm on the leader.
C-3PO: Hang on, R2.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Use the Force, Luke. Let go, Luke.
Darth Vader: The Force is strong with this one.
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Luke, trust me.
Rebel Officer: His computer's off. You switched off your targeting computer. What's wrong?
Luke Skywalker: Nothing. I'm all right.
Luke Skywalker: I've lost R2.
Officer: The Death Star has cleared the planet. The Death Star has cleared the planet. Rebel base in range.
Grand Moff Wilhuff Tarkin: You may fire when ready.
Officer: Commence primary ignition.
Darth Vader: I have you now. What?
Han Solo: Ya-hoo!
Emperial Pilot: Look out.
Han Solo: You're all clear, kid. Now let's blow this thing and go home.
Officer: Stand by. Stand by.
Han Solo: Great shot, kid! That was one in a million!
Obi-Wan Kenobi: Remember, the Force will be with you always.
Leia Organa: Luke!
Luke Skywalker: Leia!
Han Solo: Hey!
Luke Skywalker: Hey! I just knew you'd come back. I just knew it.
Han Solo: I wasn't gonna let you get all the credit and take all the reward.
Leia Organa: Han, I knew there was more to you than money.
Luke Skywalker: Oh, no.
C-3PO: Oh, my. R2, can you hear me? Say something. You can repair him, can't you?
Rebel Technician: We'll get to work on him right away.
C-3PO: You must repair him. Sir, if any of my circuits or gears will help, I'll gladly donate them.
Luke Skywalker: He'll be all right.